'it looks nice and the photos that are captured using this camera looks really cool and arsy.', 'it is small and very handy and it looks very nice in actual. i love the artsy lomo photos.', 'fun to use, soft images, easy double exposure, 2 aspect ratios, and tons of gels for the flash', 'Shutter broke during first use. Now it gets stuck.', 'I can\'t believe theyre charging $50+ dollars for a plastic camera that was originally given away for free. This is a terrible camera - thats the point. It was made give people the means to take a photograph before "snapshots" were commonplace. Basically - it was the bad printer you get for free with your computer because the ink is expensive - they gave away the camera to get people to buy film. And now idiots are paying $50 for a terrible camera that will break in a week and then come on amazon to complain about it. Its an  interesting aesthetic - I get that - but you can make a pinhole camera yourself or buy a cheap camera at a thrift store. Don\'t pay the hilariously obnoxious Lomography to sell you a piece of expensive garbage.', 'its beautiful, its everything the way i suspected i simply love it', 'Photos do not come out anywhere near as advertised. Broke within a week and part to replace it are nearly impossible to find. Waste of money.', "Cheaply made camera and nowhere in Atlanta prints the photos this size. Get a point and shoot from a thrift store if you're so inclined to take retro film photos", "I actually bought mine 3 years ago, in 2012. I fell in love with the Diana camera's design and the aesthetic of lomo photography, so I wanted to try it out. I was so excited.", "I finished a roll, but after that, it had a lot of problems advancing the film for my second, third and every roll after. I read up on it, and it turns out to be a design flaw. A well known one too. It's actually recommended for you to open the camera and take some things out, move it around, etc before even shooting. Then it will shoot good. As much as I love the camera or lomo, I think that's very stupid. I didn't pay for a broken device I have to fix in order to work... Well, technically, I did. Which is why I want whoever is thinking of buying this pricey camera to research the issue first and see if you want to put the effort into fixing it. Because I didn't bother and it's just collecting dust now. Like I said... New things shouldn't be broken. I don't think they fixed the issue from three years ago since some of the new reviews still has the film advance issue.", 'They make a pretty trash device and refuse to fix it. -.-"', 'Looks so awesome. i love the quality of photos it creates and i find the design of this camera do adorable and lovely. My girlfriend really loves it.'
'Looks very cute and sleek. I am very happy to have it in my collection of toy cameras. I love the shots as well as the fine quality of the photos. This is perfect for me.', "This is the first film camera that i fell in love with. It looks decent and works really well. The thing that i don't like about this camera is it does not come with flash.", 'This camera broke with in 20 minutes of receiving it.  The film advance does not work properly.  It will shred your film and the pins in the spindle on the camera will break.', "I would give this zero stars if I could.  This is a known issue by the way......Amazon, you should not offer junk like this.  My 12 year old saved for this camera and is very bummed out right now...and I'm not happy either.", 'i seem to be getting blurry pics most of the time. the shutter is a little bit hard.', "great photos.. but the lil' guy jammed up on me in about a month of use.  Kinda bummed about that.", 'It shredded the first 2 rolls of film i put in there. It starts getting tough to wind after about 10 shots and from there it just rips the film apart.', 'I love this camera. I seriously could not be happier. I take it almost everywhere!', 'Love its features and the size!', u"@Chad A. Taylor.....B is for Bulb.That's why you can leave your shutter open on that setting,for long exposure shots. \U0001f601", "As a toy camera collector, the Diana Mini is one of my favorites! It's compact in size (without the flash attachment) and easy to use for any analog camera novice.  With that said, be warned that purchasing this camera is best suited for a hobby as there is much more involved in taking a photo than just hitting the shutter button.  If you are not particularly familiar with film photography, don't worry! I found the manual that came with the camera to be very helpful.", 'This camera takes 35mm film and is a replica of the Diana F+, which takes 120mm film.  The F+ is much bigger due to the larger film size and more expensive to use as 120mm film is typically not found in stores and most likely not able to be developed at your local convenience store. Film photography is a thing of the past but 35mm is still widely used which makes the Mini version of the Diana much more convenient. The only benefits of using 120mm verses 35mm film is the possibility of getting clearer photos as there is a better resolution and grain quality associated with using a larger sized film; however, Lomography plastic toy cameras are marketed for their vignette, blurred edges and "dream-like" effects so getting a clearer photo should not be your main intent. The only other possible advantage of using 120mm is having the option to take square formatted photos which would allow you to fit more pictures on one film but the Mini also gives you the option to switch between full-frame and half-frame, giving you that same advantage. So when considering whether or not to choose between the Mini or F+, I would definitely recommend the Mini due to its connivance of using 35mm rather than 120mm.', 'Other features of the Diana Mini which are also commonly found on many other Lomography plastic cameras is depth control, a manual and bulb setting, and (my favorite) the ability to take multiple exposures. Lomography also has many different lens attachments available for separate purchase to increase the amount of creative options you have when taking a photo including fisheye, wide-angle and close-up lenses.  The camera is also equipped with standard cable release and tripod threads as well as a standard hot shoe for a flash attachment.  You can use any flash attachment but the Diana Flash obviously has a better appearance as it is designed for the Diana cameras and also comes with colored gel filters so you can add different hues to your photos.', "The only hindrance I've come across while using the Diana Mini is not every store has the ability to develop the film when you use the half-frame setting. This setting causes uneven gaps between pictures (especially if you switch between half-frame and full-frame on one film) and my understanding is some machines have trouble recognizing where to scan on the film to fit the whole picture in one photo. Also, the flash attachment causes the camera to become top heavy so strapping the camera around your neck becomes awkward as it always flips on its side.", "Overall, the possibilities are endless with the Diana Mini.  It is by far my favorite toy camera and I've had an endless amount of fun playing with its different settings!"
["She's finicky, but when she's good she's really good. When she's bad, she's awful. You're going to be lucky to get two or three perfect images from each roll, then maybe a handful of acceptable ones, and then more than half of truly awful shots. It's a fun and beautiful camera, but I'm not sure if I can keep justifying paying for development and film.", "EDIT: I just developed my third roll using the Diana, and I have to say that I am done with her. I got only three good shots, and the rest was just a waste. It's such a shame, since it's such a pretty little thing, but I won't be using it anymore.", "Wonderful little camera! Loved it and had no problems with it's delivery!", "I will be honest I haven't yet used this product because it's so freaking pretty I just wanted to admire it.  So on that alone it's four stars, but when I finally use it I'll post another review!", 'Great fun camera.', "It broke. i am heartbroken. i tried to handle it lightly but it broke before i even got to the second roll. and I'd only recommend this camera for people with experience with lomography. It has lots of potential, this plastic camera, and no doubt it looks cool, but it's too light and too fragile and im never sure about the quality of the pictures I took with it. So use caution. I was so excited when i first got it too, and im pretty sure it could be fixed with super glue, however i am simply too discouraged with this camera. sigh.", 'As someone who predominately uses digital cameras of all sorts,I bought this camera thinking it would be a little "cheapy" toy camera to mess around with. It is so much more than that! Because of this camera, I have developed (no pun intended) a love for film and have considered buying more film cameras. I watched a youtube tutorial on how to load, and unload film which was extremely helpful. The pictures come out so nice! I highly recommend reading the little booklet and watching some tutorials on youtube. ALSO I use Fujifilm iso 400.', "I was forewarned by other buyers, but thought I could make it work. Alas, it shredded some perfectly good fuji film.  So I watched a tutorial on you tube...cut my film and tried again.  Again, The sad result ....shredded film when advancing.  The advance wheel and the wheel that drives the counter are two different mechanisms, and appear to be adjusted to different tensions, as soon as you get one right...the other's teeth shred the edge of the film.", 'I wanted to love this, but it is clearly designed to fail.', 'So far, I\'ve only shot 3 rolls with my Diana mini and here\'s what I\'ve come to find. First off, it is a bit finickier than most to load. Unlike the Diana F+ which takes 120 film, the mini accepts 35mm which is easily accessible however the issue of it eating your film sprockets up on one side is true. I had to return mine to lomography and they replaced it, since then I\'ve had no issues. Once loaded I love how lightweight it is and compact. So fun to take to the beach, the pool, a party, etc. Leave it hanging on your neck and it looks like a toy but this little thing is pretty capable. So far I am sure I\'ve not seen the best of her yet. Pros: Small & compact, lightweight, easy to travel with, accepts 35mm film, nice somewhat dreamy/soft photos, awesome when paired with the flash. The flash can also be used on the Diana F+ btw. Cons: Not so easy to load. HINT: Make sure that the very edge of your film is right by the tiny yellow arrow (I almost missed this, it\'s a small yellow sticker on inside body) then simply close the door making sure it\'s locked and wind to shoot. Another oddity is the frame counter and maybe it\'s just my camera but the counter will read 3, then 15, then 22 and then 4 it makes no sense, perhaps it\'s just a quirk. Personally it doesn\'t bother me because I always have xtra film on hand but it may bother some of you who want to know EXACTLY what frame you\'re on. Other than these 2 quirks I don\'t have any cons about this camera. I was actually surprised at how good it performs for its small size. I did find the images didn\'t need as much light as my Diana F+. As for focusing, this is a zone focusing camera so you\'ll have 4 options on distance. Personally I have too many cameras to keep up with so I placed a small sticker with distances in ft. so I won\'t forget because meters makes me think a bit too much. Once you\'ve set your focus distance make sure it\'s on N for normal or B for bulb (which i have yet to try but would suggest shooting bulb with a cable release to reduce camera shake), then simply choose your Fstop via symbol "sunny" or "cloudy" and you\'re ready to go! I love that it accepts the flash from the larger Diana F and also has a tripod socket. Winding the film when you\'re done with the roll is a breeze. I am not able to review images in 24x17 format (2 smaller frames on 1 print) because I have not yet used this feature. I strictly have used it in square mode. I do know however that you cannot switch from one mode to the next for 2 reasons. #1 it will confuse the lab if you want prints made. They will either print square or 4x6, not both. AND also very important the camera tends to get stuck if you continuously go from one format to the next and then back again. It\'s preferable to choose to shoot either squares or 2 vertical images on one 4x6 size print. Overall I am rating this camera a 4 because I like what it does, how it feels and performs.  I\'d give it a 5 if it had a normal working frame counter and didn\'t get so finicky when being loaded. Other than that, this mini plastic camera with plastic lens is going to give you that "dreamy, soft, ethereal" lomo look. If that is not what you are after then this camera is probably not for you. Happy shooting!', '**update 9/26/15**', 'After using this camera A lot more, I\'ve come to realize that it is indeed my most finicky camera of all (and I have lots). The prints are amazingly great, sometimes I can\'t believe they came from a tiny little plastic box such as this BUT here is my one caveat. It has on more than 1 occasion torn my sprockets (despite my carefully detailed loading practices) and it simply gets stuck mid roll at times. Since I cant\' see when I\'ve reached the end due to the frame counter never working I assume I\'ve reached the end and I roll the film into the canister and send it off to the lab to maybe get back just 5 or 10 or 15 images on the roll all because the rest were not exposed. This is a big waste of film and $ on processing & prints. So, it\'s not the most "reliable" camera. However, despite all this I still have a unique affection towards it. Just being honest, you\'ll love it or hate it but only one way to find out would be to use it more than a few times.', "I've owned two of these.  The first I broke the part that stops the winding when the next frame of film is aligned.  This was okay as I had to guess when the next frame was wound up and guessed incorrectly most of the time.  This resulted in lots of overlapping images and dead space.  This feature made for entire rolls of wonderful mistakes.  I loved the colors and overall quirky picture quality.  Unfortunately, my car was broken into and the thief stole it, probably depositing it into a trash can within 5 minutes of figuring out it was a worthless film camera.", "My second one I bought as a replacement.  The winding action broke on this one as well.  Refusing to budge after about half the roll was exposed.  I could not advance or rewind the film so I ruined an entire roll of film getting it out and trying to figure out why it was stuck.  This would have been fine had the image quality been decent but the magic of my first Diana just wasn't present on this one.  The colors were different or the focus was off or maybe the light leaks didn't give the images the same quirky quality.  I was fed up with this camera as it probably only produced two keeper photos in 6 rolls shot.  When it ate a second roll of film a month later it went straight in the trash.", "I have other lomo cameras that I love:  Horizon Kompakt, Lomo Fisheye +.  The mini was so disappointing the second time that I won't be bothering with another.  I'm sticking with my Kodak Signet 35 instead.", "kept ripping up the film every time I added a new roll.  Taking apart the camera isn't worth the trouble to make it workable."]
page: 4
["I bought this camera since i was interested in lomography, looks good but don't expect an actual camera, it is cute but expect the quality you'll find in a camera toy. Also, I'd recommend using the highest ISO you can find since the lens is a joke, and MOST IMPORTANT OF ALL GET IT WITH THE FLASH. I first bought it without flash and really none of my pics even with 400 ISO films weren't good. I know what lomography's supposed to be, but you'll need a lot of light to get all the lomography effects you're hoping for.", 'I have shot and processed my first roll (in square mode) and am in the middle of shooting a roll in half-frame mode.  This review treats my initial observations but can say nothing about long-term performance.', 'The first thing, which I wish somebody had said in a review but nobody did:  In the product description when they say 36 shots "per roll" they mean a 36-exposure roll.  If you shoot on a 24 exposure roll, you will get 24 shots (or 48-50 in half frame mode).  The 24mm square negatives are spaced 11mm apart so they take up the same amount of film as a regular 35mm frame.  This was done to facilitate automatic film processing, which is not designed to handle exotic frame sizes.  In theory, since the shutter is not directly linked to the film wind mechanism, you could measure the takeup spindle and figure out exactly how far to twist the knob to advance the film 24mm - thus placing your frames right next to each other and getting approximately 30% more shots per roll.  But this would be a huge hassle when shooting, and would be a disaster for processing unless you develop your own film.  The compromise design wastes a lot of film in square mode, but it is the only workable solution.', "The lens is very short - only a 24mm focal length, which gives a very wide field of view, possibly making up for the smaller frame.  The range focus indicator is hard to see (and I have an uneasy feeling that it doesn't really do anything.)  Poor-quality optics and abundant light leaks are part of the Lomography experience, and in that regard the Mini is actually LESS crappy than I expected.  I shoot mainly in black & white, and the pictures look pretty good from my test roll.  The cable release socket is in just the right place, and this camera is a whiz at doing long exposures.", "I did get a hoot out of seeing the top of the lens sticking up prominently in the viewfinder.  You'll do almost as well not using the viewfinder at all, but just pointing the camera towards what you want to photograph, and snapping away.", 'The shutter is very stiff, and it releases with a jarring "CLUNK" that tends to jostle the camera unless you brace it very firmly against your head or your chest.  Motion blur seems inevitable.  If the camera was heavier, this would not be a problem (as its own inertia would dampen sudden jars) but the Mini is feather-light and easy to shake.  It\'s possible though, that the short lens helps to compensate for this.  None of my test shots had any camera-jiggle blur.', 'The strap is wispy, but substantial enough to carry this camera without worry.  The Mini is small enough to sit in the palm of your hand, but it is too lumpy to really fit in a pocket.', 'At first I thought the price was too high, but the build quality is better than I expected .. and it comes in a BEAUTIFUL box with a kitschy little photo-art book.  Honestly, they could simplify the packaging and cut the price in half, but for what you get I think $50 is actually pretty fair.', 'The best thing about this camera is, it\'s just fun to use.  There\'s no laborious thinking about exposures and focusing and framing.  With 50 shots per roll I can snap away like a madman, and odds are that just as many of my pictures will turn out interesting as they would if I shot more deliberately with one of my "serious" cameras.', 'I absolutely love everything about this camera. The day o received it i just started to snap away. The way the pictures come out are amazing and a great surprise when developing them because nothing is digital. I recommend this to anyone they will fall in love with the toy like design and look of the camera !', "I got the Diana mini because I wanted a Diana F+ but thought that 35mm film would be easier to develop. For most people that's probably true, but it turns out that I have access to a darkroom, so it's less expensive to develop 120 myself. In any case it is a very fun camera and I can't wait to do more with it.", "I am a total newb with lomography cameras and from reading these good reviews about the product... I personally don't like the camera. I got this on August 21st, read instructions and tutorials of course, then I went to go shoot a roll using the square mode. I got my film developed today, the 24th, and 21/30 pictures came out but there was only about a handful that were great. The editing or diana features on the pictures look nice and what not but I don't think this camera is so user friendly. It doesn't advance properly and got stuck a few times which I think messed up the pictures that I took. I am definitely returning this because I don't think I can deal with this.", 'I did try the multiple exposure shoots and it turned out nice though!', "I bought this camera as a gift for my girlfriend.  She had been looking at these cameras at Urban Outfitters for a while, but didn't want to spend the money on them.  I bought the Lomography Diana Mini with Flash mainly because of the look of it and because it is pocket-sized.  It wasn't too expensive.", 'The color screens are awesome!  It makes it simple to make any of your photos different colors.  My girlfriend has quite a colorful personality, so I thought this was perfect.  The flash is detachable and not heavy at all.', "I like that it is simple and light enough to take with you anywhere.  I was a little disappointed that the casing was plastic as I was kind of hoping for metal, but the functionality of the camera makes up for it.  We've used it a few times and played with the different colors and image sizes.  It's fun.  We've yet to develop any of the pictures, but I'm sure they'll be just as fun as we were hoping for once we get around to it.", 'My other complaint is the cheap neck strap that comes with the camera.  I ended up buying her a different strap (one which was designed to go with a much more expensive camera), and after a little rigging on her part, she made it fit.  It looks great.', "Overall, I'd recommend it.  My girlfriend loves it, so I'd say that's a win.", 'My baby boo! this camera bring happiness to my life, its really fun to use it, i recommend it.. i bought this a year ag cause it was cute and now im involved in the world of photography pro, loved it!', "Around frame 15, my camera jams and stops advancing the film. If you try to force it, the film rips at the sprocket holes. I thought I was doing something wrong until I googled the problem. Turns out many, many others have had the same issue, and there are video tutorials on how to fix the camera. It's not an easy fix, especially if you are not familiar with screws, washers, filing plastic, etc. Brand new out of the box and still needs a repair? Very dissapointing. Especially for the price!", 'Other than the look of this camera, it is really overpriced, the camera\'s plastic lens is worse than what you\'d expect to find in a throw away camera. The shutter is of terrible quality and causes a great deal of camera shake when pressed making it useless for bulb exposures. If you are looking for a real "lomo" camera, stop looking at lomography and get something like a vintage kodak brownie hawkeye, they never cost more than 20 dollars, and they can do everything that the diana can such as multiple exposures and bulb exposures.', 'The lens is awful (even for a toy camera) and film advance is problematic. The Diana is already an awful camera (for both serious photography and lomography) and making an even flimsier and lower resolution (120mm to 35mm) version was a terrible idea. However if you insist on purchasing, here are some tips:', '1. Leave the focus to infinity at all times.', '2. Avoid switching formats mid-roll. Doing so can ruin the gear shifts between square and half frame.', '3. Leave the aperture switch on "cloudy" at all times. the plastic lens is a poor conductor of light, and a larger aperture will be needed.', '4. Throw the strap away. it is flimsy and will break easily. Buy a decent one. For quick grab shots, keep it in a coat pocket or bag.', '5. Ignore the viewfinder. Most of them are even more inaccurate than Holgas. Try aiming between the flash plugs or shooting from the hip.']
page: 5
['This toy camera is overpriced considering it\'s cheap plastic and made in China. It probably costs the company $5 for parts and labor to assemble one. But you\'ll pay $50 for one. The strap is particularly junky and the shiny chrome labels on top of the camera and around the lens look like stickers that will peal off in less than a year. The lens\' inside ring turns to adjust the distance/focusing, but the black ring and pointer are set against a black background which makes the pointer difficult to see when you\'re adjusting the distance. The camera is very compact and cutesy, which, by the way, is my general complaint about these "toy" cameras--they tend to have a girly/feminine design and feel. They\'re not really marketed for dudes. I think the price needs to drop to the magic number of $19.99.', "I absolutely love this camera! The lightweight body makes it easy to carry anywhere without being a burden. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the film is relatively hard to load and sometimes skips frames. But I suppose that unknowingness is what makes film photography fun! I would recommend this camera to anyone wanting to try something new.", 'We bought this camera as a Christmas gift for our adult daughter as she had been wanting one for several years.  On Christmas morning she attempted to load the film into the camera to take some nice Christmas pictures, but no go.  The little teeth on the sprocket that advances the film tore the film to shreds.  The sprocket was defective and did not move properly.  Lots of disappointment- bad camera, ruined film.', "The next day she emailed with a representative at Amazon for help with shipping the camera back and getting a replacement sent to her.  Long story short, after over an hour of emailing with the rep., she thought everything was straight.  Not so- the camera was mailed to the address it was originally mailed to, not my daughter's address.  Now the replacement camera has to be mailed at someone else's expense back to my daughter.", 'This was a disappointing experience all around.', "Purchased the Diana mini in october 2011 put 10 rolls of film through it and now in december 2011 its suffering from the KNOWN film advancement issue. The selector is stuck in 24x17 half frame mode but the mechanism inside is stuck in 24x24 sq frame mode. I shot 7 of the 10 rolls in 24x24 mode and the last 3 rolls in 24x17 and was wondering why I couldn't get past 30 on the counter. A spring must have dislodged inside the housing as the counter now reads 45 and the film will advance forever.", "The instruction manual isn't worth the paper its printed on. It incorrectly states the amount of turns it takes to advance the film in both modes (if you follow the manual you will have overlapping pics. Turn the wheel until it clicks then STOP!). Theres a guy on youtube that has a bunch of holga diana and diana mini videos and i found these a million times more helpful.", ' Processing the 35mm film is really a pain too. I took a roll to CVS and it was awful even after explaining the size of the prints and how the negatives are to be framed. Another option is ordering film processing from lomography at $19/roll including scans and shipping both ways. It takes over a month for a finished product to arrive on your doorstep from lomography (their online ordering comes from 1 store in NY and orders are only processed mon-fri) I live in NJ and the film is processed in NYC , roughly a 20 minute drive from my house. The website does state that it will take atleast a week from the time they receive your envelope until they start processing it. You order an envelope from them, which takes about a week to arrive, then you mail the mailer back to them , which sits at the post office for about a week, then it goes to lomography where it gets developed  and mailed back to you sometime in the next 2 weeks.', 'When the camera did work it was easy to use. I bought the kit that came with the flash and shoe adapters as well as the little "shoot forever" book. If improvements were made to this camera and the ordering process it would be a nice camera.I plan on sending this back for a replacement and selling the replacement as i\'ve moved on to a 120 format holga.', 'As someone stated earlier lomography is really good at marketing, camera making not so much.', 'Pros:', '-Small', '-Artsy', '-POWERFUL, simple flash (with manual trigger option) runs off 1 AA', '-Hearty plastic', 'Cons:', '-Small (lost easily)', '-Film is expensive nowdays', '-Flash is HUGE. Camera sometimes tips over when strap is worn.', '-Strap is a strip of plastic, but whatever...', '-Focusing ring is occasionally hard to adjust, being in the very front of the lens', 'I ordered the lomography diana mini- 35mm Camera and was under the impression I would also be receiving the flash with the camera.  The image up with the camera is misleading and I am not even happy with the photos quality, too much light is able to be seen through the camera, ruining the exposure.', 'One word: Flawless.', 'Sifting through the racks of clothes at Urban Outfitters, I turned to my left to see a small, deserted corner filled with what I thought might be cameras. Curious, I decided to approach the counter to see various, neon film cameras. Finally deciding to choose the Diana Mini, with the ability to take 72 shots with one roll of film, I compulsively purchased this camera at absolute random. Sifting through my change to scrape the last bit of money I had with me, I would never had thought this was the wisest decision I had ever made.', u'I was NEVER into film photography before this - I had NO CLUE what to do when I opened it at a small caf\xe9 right outside the corner. However, after spending a little time and practice, I will never turn back.', 'I love the light leaks, unexpected colors, image overlays. I cringe now when seeing centered, megapixel composed photos. It is so incredible, the artistic aspect of film. I recommend purchasing not only this camera, with its convenient size, bank-saving features, and applicable hotshoe, but any lomographic camera (Sprocket Rocket, Colorsplash).', 'The anticipation and excitement of WAITING - instant gratification of digital cameras has abandoned this incredible feeling - and the satisfaction of seeing an incredibly unexpected or clear photo from a roll of film gives you appreciation towards this art form.', 'What are you waiting for? BUYIT', 'the diana mini is everything i thought, and more.  just got it a few days ago, so havent really developed my first film from it, but im sure having a great time with it, and am sure the pictures will turn out great, like on every other lomo camera i have tried so far.  strongly recommend it.  and its so small you can take it anywhere!', 'This purchase was a waste of money and a waste of film (more money). I experienced problems (like many many others) with the film advance problem. I did find a tutorial online for how to fix this on lomography.com (however I split the screws in the process, so this problem is now permanently unfixable), but why pay $50 to get an unusable camera you have to open and manually fix before you even use?', 'It was easy enough to load the film despite the fact that i haven\'t had to load film in over 10 years. I was clicking away when suddenly the film got jammed. I was so depressed that i had to open the back to "un jam" the film which would expose my previous shots. But after that i was working fine again. I just hope it doesnt happen all the time.']
page: 6
["I absolutely love this camera.  When I first received the Diana Mini, I ruined an entire roll of film.  The film was stuck in the winder and when I attempted to rewind the film, it made this terrible clicking noise.  I didn't realize that it was supposed to happen until watching a few tutorials but once I understood how to load and unload film, it was love at first snap.", "One thing you might want to consider when purchasing a camera like this is the type of film you will be using.  Although any kind of 35mm film works, it's important to consider the speed of the film.  I've found that an ISO of 400 works for all situations.  My personal favorites are the Kodak BW400CN (black & white) and Fujifilm X-Tra.  The colors are deeply saturated and work well with the random effects of the Diana.", "There are times when after taking a picture the wheel won't turn all the way.  I was worried about how the pictures would turn out but found out that they always produce a new effect that's always surprising, and I want to learn how to do it again.  But that's the beauty of a camera like this.  You'll never know what comes out next.  If you're looking for stability, this really isn't the camera for you.", 'Multiple and long exposures are great on this camera.  I generally like taking a picture of something dark and then take another picture in good lighting, and it looks haunting yet playful.', "I usually use a regular point and shoot digital camera for day to day use, but I've been using this camera more and more as of late.  You can't get these kind of images with a digital camera.  And you can use Photoshop to manipulate the effects, but there's just something about it randomly occurring while it develops that makes this camera special.", 'Another thing I love about this camera is the ability to do half frames.  With two frames, you can create a story, show cause and effect, and create a multitude of random day to day occurrences that come together in a single picture.', "I love my Diana Mini. It takes 35mm film, which helps with cost and makes it easy to develop the film. The camera's frame width can be easily changed with a preset. Great camera.", "although pictured with flash, it doesn't come with one.", "this camera is somewhat puzzling to load the first few times, and the film is sometimes very difficult to advance.  definitely a different experience from using a medium format Diana or even other 35mm toy cameras.  it's tiny, and reminds me of the 110 cameras that were everywhere when i was growing up.", "although this camera is capable of taking 36 square frame photos or up to 72 half-frame photos, there still tends to be a lot of film left at the end of the roll.  it could probably take 45 square frame photos if the camera would let you advance the film further, but it doesn't.  so don't be surprised if, when you get your film back, you get some long pieces of blank (therefore wasted) negatives.", 'as far as recreating the look of medium format toy cameras, this thing is hit or miss, and largely dependent upon the film you use.  the vignetting is subtle, almost too subtle.  the lens doesn\'t have quite the same "dreamy" quality as the medium format Diana.  really, the thing that makes this most like a medium format Diana is the square frame.', "i've been using medium format toy cameras (Holgas, Dianas, various Diana clones) for years, so my opinion of the Diana Mini is definitely influenced by that.  the Diana Mini seems to have the square framed 35mm camera market cornered, so there aren't any cheaper alternatives that i know of for those who use 35mm film.", "i'm not sure i'd recommend this camera to anyone unless 35mm film is your only shooting option.  i know 120 film is sometimes hard to find and even harder to develop if you're on a budget, so i can see how the Diana Mini would be the more convenient option for some.", 'i bought this diana last month as a give to my friend bithday.but unfortunately the shutter is only 70% functioning.', 'Other pictures are too small and im very frustrating.', 'I love the Diana Mini, but on my first roll i put the setting to half frame. Instead of have 2 pictures on every 4x6 picture developed, the other half of the frame was blank - as if I advanced it too much. Should I only advance the wheel half way before taking a picture rather than advancing until the film becomes tight?', 'Other than my inability to make split-frame pictures the Diana Mini takes great pictures, especially with the flash and color filters.', "I've already written a review (on the Holga 135BC) about the awesomeness that is analog photography so I'll just say in general it's actually more fast fun and convenient than most people would think.", "As for the Diana Mini there are minor issues I'd like to address. The film advance knob gets stuck often and you have overlapping images whether you want them or not. Fortunately being a mechanical contraption you can google it up and fix it within in hour, if you're crafty. Just make sure you follow the tutorials closely! Second, when you get the film developed, it's best you have a scanner that scans film. The funky square formats and the half frames will confuse the developers and the photos will be cut in all the wrong places and if you purposely overlapped images they might be split. Ask for a developed roll of negatives uncut if you can. Otherwise you might get either very few prints or really messed up prints. And of course if you shoot black and white, developing the film yourself is always a better option. Another issue is the film counter. It goes from empty to 72 I believe. If you switch between half frame and square frame it is very easy to get confused on how many photos are left in your camera. Keep good count!", "Now enough of the depressing issues and concerns. The half frame option has to be the main attraction of this camera. The soft focus and vignettes and square frame and simplicity all are nice, but the half frame feels like you can shoot forever and is the unique feature of the mini. There were times I wanted to see what I took but half frame made it so I already took 40 photos but still have film to waste. It's very liberating though, and you can shoot multiple times to make sure you've got a shot, or have certain frames side by side to tell a story, or just shoot anything you see without too much worry about film cost. The pictures themselves are interesting as well. Famous dreamy qualities with just enough focus, unique color and the spacing on the negative itself is fun to look at. You won't get much vignetting in half frame. The viewfinder, as inaccurate as it may be, dims out the areas that won't show in half frame mode.", "Lomography doesn't currently sell a shutter release for the mini but a standard one ought to work. It's also highly recommended if you use the bulb mode. The shutter is tough to press so you will get shake pressing it down. The shutter release solves this problem. Also you can shoot without ever gouging your camera which is always fun for candid shots. As a final note regarding accessories, I bought this camera under the impression the Diana+ accessories work with it, as Holga 120s and 135s share the same lens systems. This doesn't seem to be the case with the Diana and Diana Mini. Just a thing to keep note of if you're a fan of adding parts and options to your cameras.", "This camera has given me many shots that just wouldn't be the same, or even possible, digitally. It's small and handy and capable of good things and I never leave home without it. And you shouldn't either!", 'awesome camera, for my daughter who is in film school in London,England. This camera enables her to get many different effects.', 'I ordered my Diana Mini when I first started getting interested in lomography. This was the perfect size for me to carry around and I heard good things about Dianas in general. The one thing that I dislike about this camera is that sometimes its a little difficult to turn the dial on the top. Especially when you have sweaty hands. Other than that I am so happy with my purchase!', 'I was so excited to get my Diana Mini after reading all of the positive reviews, and I was really hoping to get some great "vintagey" shots, but I am extremely disappointed. The day I received it, I shot about half a roll in partly cloudy weather. The very first thing I questioned was whether or not the film wheel was advancing the film properly. It would seem to advance completely for one frame, and then only half way (if that) for the next and so on. I figured this was normal and went through the rest of the roll over the course of about 3 weeks. Also, please note that I was shooting in half-frame mode so as to get 72 shots out of one roll.', 'When I took the roll to CVS to be developed, I got a call from the processor saying that all of my shots overlapped, and that they could not produce a cd of images, nor could they make prints. Apparently the computer would not let them "frame" the photos for printing. They gave me the negatives and sent me on my way with NO suggestions on what to do next.', "That night I did some research and found that the issue with the film advance wheel is quite common in these cameras. It seems that the wheel was preventing me from advancing fully, which is why there was such great overlap. So, I inserted another roll of film, switched the shooting mode to square frame, and fired off all 36 shots in my living room to see how the advance wheel would take it. The advancing went a lot smoother; it only seemed to get hung up 3 times during that roll. Took the roll to CVS to have it developed, and this time, let the processor know that I had snapped in square frame mode this time, and was confident they'd turn out. Well, wouldn't you know 30 minutes later, I get another phone call saying that only 3-5% of my shots turned out. I told her to trash the film.", "Needless to say, I initiated a return with Amazon tonight, and am really unhappy that the camera didn't deliver. I'd have to say that while the retro appeal is great and the camera seems fun, it won't do you any good if it doesn't work properly.", 'I gave the camera 2 stars overall instead of 1, because I had fun thinking I was actually capturing neat photos.', "Bought this camera a few days ago at Wolf Camera. I had the urge to shoot some film and my Nikon was out for repairs. This camera is super fun and easy to use (and, might I add, cheap) and you get some really artsy looking shots without really much effort. The beef I have with this camera is that (and this may just be on my camera) the film winder is a bit unpredictable as to how far it advances the film,sometimes slightly overlapping the frames and sometimes leaving large spaces of blank negative. That said, this is a really cool camera for those don't want to worry too much about shutter speed and aperture and just want to have fun taking pictures.", 'P.S.', 'You also get be a part of the hip and trendy lomography cult that has sprung up in the past couple of years (skinny jeans and retro sunglasses also required).']
page: 7
'I was I little disapointed of what it has been shown in the picture and what you get.', 'The pictures shows camera with the flash incorporated but you only get the camera and I do not see a feature for buying the flash alone.', 'I love this small convenient camera. It amazing what fun can have by simply pulling this out! enjoy it', "Be aware: this is a lo-res camera. Plastic lens. Plastic body. It is designed to give over saturated pictures. It has a zone focus that works but IT'S A ZONE FOCUS. If you use it, nothing is out of focus, but things are rarely IN focus either.... The film can be tweaky to get to move through the camera correctly - lots of little eccentricities....", 'I love this camera!', "Well, OK, I don't LOVE it, but I carry it with me all the time and keep a local one hour kiosk in business developing my pics.", 'A couple of tips:', 'Have your film developed, put onto a CD disc, and get a contact sheet (if you want). Avoid getting prints with this camera (use your own computer and printer).', 'And BE SURE you let the tech at the kiosk know the negatives are square (if you, like me, are using this option).', '... And enjoy!', 'Get one of these mini Dianas just for the fun of it.  Then let yourself have fun with it.', 'The film was catching on the advancing wheel, ruining a roll or two, but this was fixed with a google search and a click or two of the shutter.', "Ok a few things here.  I've shot a bunch of holga and pinhole over the years and this is probably one of the funnest.", 'It takes the dreamy diana photos that we all love, except instead of filling up the entire 35mm frame it uses about 2/3 of it and makes a negative that is square..so on the normal film setting you get about 45 shots or so on a 36 exposure film. Since i make prints manually its not a big deal, it might take a little manipulation on your part to make it look normal in a scan.', 'Tips:', "  Do not play rough with this camera, if you find the film not advancing when you twist the knob click the shutter, when starting a new roll sometimes its tricky to get the film to feed and advance properly.  Listen for the 'click' when the new frame is in place, and do not attempt to force the knob.  if you feel the film is a little too tight coming out of the spool, reduce the tension in the spool via the film rewind knob.", 'The metal prongs that hold the film in place will probably scratch the back of your film, you can solve this either sanding them with some fine grit paper or putting a small strip of cellophane tape on them.', "The flash is more than adequate, so much so that i wouldn't recommend using at close distances unless you have low iso film loaded.  However do not leave it connected to your camera and then throw it in the bag.", 'Also this camera has a cable release as well, which is just another bonus on an already great gadget.', '100 bucks is a little pricey, but its pretty unique and the pictures it takes are pure win.  Overall i am happy.', "I've been using the original Diana for years. I loved it and I have the Diana 35mm back attachment, but the problem is the original Diana is flimsy, and with another heavy piece of equipment attached, I must be very careful on using it.", "I purchased this in hopes I can just stick it in my bag and not worry about it like the original. It's perfect. It's small, loads the film easily, and what I love about it most is I can't modify the inside of it, unlike the original, I had such a hard time figuring out what format to use because there were so many pieces to include in each change.", 'I recommend this for someone that wants to start off in lomoraphy or just have fun with film.', "The Diana Mini is ridiculously awesome! It takes really interesting lo-fi pictures and I like that. I'd highly recommend it if you feel like getting in touch with your creative side!", 'RANT:  I took three rolls the first day I got the camera and I LOVE the way my pictures came out.  Yes, it\'s not digital and yes, you have to wait for your pictures to be developed *gasp*, but we live in a world with too much instant gratification and a little patience will do us all some good.  I had a couple that came out like "normal" shots and they\'re are kind of a nice surprise.  Overall, they have a lot of character and getting them to be in focus is tougher than other cameras I\'ve used (also have a RICOH from the 1950\'s and a Mercury from the 1920\'s - that thing is a BEAST to use) but that\'s really the whole point, isn\'t it?  We live in an imperfect world and 20 megapixel, perfectly framed, focused and color-corrected photos don\'t really represent most of our lives.', 'Live dangerously - go analog.', "REVIEW:  The camera is made of tough plastic and *feels* like a toy.  It's as much of one as you want it to be.  Take it as seriously as you take yourself and you'll be fine.", "Loading film takes a little more patience and needs to be done SLOWLY to be sure the film advances correctly (see user pics above for a multi-exposure I accidentally took cause I didn't load the film right).", "It's small enough to fit in an inside pocket of a jacket - if you don't mind the pocket being a little bulgy.  The lens cap is not attached to the body, so be attentive when taking it off.  I thought I lost it twice in the first day.  Am currently formulating a DIY solution to attach it to the body.", "Even though this is pictured with a flash IT DOES NOT COME WITH A FLASH.  I was a little disappointed by this (should've read the description closer), but taking a few rolls w/no flash will give you the chance to understand how it exposes images.  There are only two f-stops - Sunny & Cloudy.  There are also 2 shutter settings - N & B.  I don't know what the letters stand for, but N is automatic, B stays open as long as you hold the trigger.  The shutter speed switch is easily bumped, so I've started checking it every time I'm taking a shot to be sure I know what position it's in.", "It comes with a nifty book of photo missions, gallery pics, and instructions.  READ THE INSTRUCTIONS.  They really do help.  It was late in evening and I didn't have any film when I first got it so I couldn't play with it right out of the box; instead I read the instructions.  I was glad I did.  My first few rolls would've probably been trash otherwise.", 'If you are still unsure whether or not this is for you go to [...] and read up more.  Their playful site is very informative and full of user pics.', 'Overall, the Diana Mini is a unique camera to use for people who are tired of using their phone for point-and-shoot "fun" photos.  It will change the way you think about every day photography.', "Although I have to be honest--I haven't developed any film yet--I still love it! It's small enough that I carry it everywhere and take it out when I see something worth shooting. I bought black&white, color, and sepia films for it and I'm looking forward to having fun with them all. I view the camera as an artsy side project."
