 This camera is very easy to use. I would recommend it to anybody because it has a very nice vintage feel to it, and it's also great for kids! Great inspiration from the Diana F+ book and I plan on buying the flash for myself and a mini for my son. 
 This has been my favorite film camera so far! It's very simple to use and there is an endless amount of accessories to buy for the camera! 
 I had to buy this camera for school and now I just can't wait to see the next set images I take. The dreamy look you get with this is addictive.  Just remember it is only a plastic lens camera.  Have fun with it.  One thing that is hard to get used to is that you really have to pay attention to what you are shooting.  It is very easy to crop out what you were intending on capturing. 
Even though film is great and leaves you with suspense of what your outcome is, I think that it's best to buy the instant print back which is about $75.00 and is totally worth it!
 I bought a Diana F+ after dropping and cracking my Holga.  The Diana produces the same type of images as the Holga (color saturated, vignetted (blown out edges and faux fisheye), unpredictable), but is of infinitely better build quality (my Holga is more duct tape than plastic at this point).  
The Diana allows you to adjust for subject distance (near to far) and lighting (sunny, partly sunny, cloudy), can function as a pinhole camera, and has a "B" setting which lets you keep the shutter open for low-light/nighttime/time-lapse shots.  The only thing missing is a hot-shoe, but you can buy the super adorable, vintage inspired Diana flash.  
For a plastic toy camera, the Diana is well-made and sturdy.  The back of the camera slides into place and is secured with a small crank lock.  I never worry about this camera when I toss it in my bag or throw it over my shoulder.  If you are looking for a rugged plastic toy 120 camera, the Diana F+ is the way to go! 
 This was a gift for a relative. And she was really happy about this camera. 
 This camera is so fun. Great for hanging out with friends or still life. 
 Used every day of the week and still not one hiccup....nice smooth winding and a joy to work with.... 
 Follow You tube video if you have never loaded 120 film. Everything seems frail so be nice to it. 
 This camera is great fun if you want to take old fashioned pictures, just as they would have looked around the turn of the 20th century. A light, plastic camera, it feels more like a toy, but its fun and easy to use, and puts the mystery back into photography that is lost with instant-view digital. One note of caution though: handle this camera carefully because being plastic and cheaply made it is likely to break easily. Be especially careful loading and unloading the 120 film cartridges it takes. For extra fun, try using the pinhole feature for mysterious, dark, grainy, dreamy pictures. I recommend buying a padded case to protect the camera when transporting. Great fun! 
 This is a fun toy camera, easy to use.  Great results.  Lots of lens options.  Plus you can get an instant back for it. 
 I have always wanted to purchase this camera and finaly came through with it. I previously own a TLR camera which requires medium format film so the film loading process was easy for me. I read in various reviews that it has only a few features but this camera is a reproduction of the older model. It was exceddingly easy to use. Very light in weight so I definitely take it with me everywhere I go. There's a lot of fun and creativity when it comes to this camera. 
 the Diana f+ is so much fun to use. it is all about taking pictures without thinking too much about it. it takes a little getting used to but in the end you get some amazing photos.... 
This camera has different characteristics than a Holga, but any Holga user who hasn't tried a Diana F+ should do so immediately! B&H has the best price on these, so it can't hurt to treat yourself to one of these right now! You can shoot 120 film as-is and there are accessories available that enable you to shoot 35mm or even instant film! Another feature the Diana F+ offers is a pinhole function to take long, pinhole exposures. Just twist off the lens and set the aperture to "P" and mount on a tripod... and now you can take some of coolest wide-angle shots you will ever take! The Diana F+ comes wonderfully packaged with the camera, a strap, lens cap, film masks and even a hardcover book which got me through a day of jury duty recently! The book includes plenty of Diana facts, history, tips, tricks & a ton of wonderful images taken with this camera. If you want a 60's snapshot look or even just a fun new way to shoot photos- The Diana F+ is your girl!
 Having never shot Medium format and wanting to learn, I bought this to work with. So far the only major cons are in myself. LOL But there are a few things to watch for with this camera.
The shutter release is right in the middle of the lens mount, so you have a tendency to bring the lens down when you shoot. The camera has no adjustments, so it does not have very much low light ability.
THe Film brackets are hard to define if you don't know much about this type of system, so be ready to ruin a roll of film, but after that you get used to these, it is not too bad a system. Very basic, but it does work good. 
 I have been fantasizing about buying this camera for over a year! The photo's that I developed myself came out better than I had hoped and they were only in black and white. I can't wait to mail my color film to see how it turned out. Body is lightweight and functional. 
 Great camera for getting street images, it is light, portable and the pictures get a real nice colour! 
 As expected, the Diana is a very cheaply made product for artistic experiments. The film advance is a nightmare however, which was not expected. 