'Cute to look at, but chintzy and the flash was broken out of the box.', 'Great camera. Great Price. Fast delivery.', 'Very satisfied!!!', 'We added it to our 2011 Four Winds motor home and it worked perfect.  Even a small amount of extra counter space in an RV is very appreciated.', 'it looks really nice and the quality is nice as well. i did not even expected it to be this good looking. i am so happy to have it. great buy indeed.', 'Very happy with it. Still learning its capabilities.', 'This is a great product despite the plastic construction and comes in a great limited edition  box, poster and book. Takes great photos', 'Exactly what I needed.', 'Looks so nice. I am very satisfied with the quality of the photos and the fine feature of this one is so great. I am very satisfied to have it. It is the perfect lomography camera for me.', 'Looks very nice. I am very happy to have it me and i still prefer it from holga. i like the the vintage-y looking body and color. It is very compact and does all the artsy for me.', 'box had a tear in the corner. Normally would be fine but not ideal when giving it as a gift. Otherwise, super cute camera!'

"This is probably one of the finickiest plastic cameras I own, but I still love it. I have 2 lenses for it, the one it comes with (plastic) and the 75mm glass lens which I LOVE! The reason I bought the glass lens is that not all Diana's are exactly alike and mine was exceptionally soft all over. I like softness but wanted a little more sharpness at times so now I have a 2nd option. It's very lightweight and requires a bit of thinking in the beginning especially if you're not used to zone focusing (focusing based on distance to your desired object). I have a little sticker on mine as a reminder as I don't tend to think in meters, rather feet. Loading the film sometimes takes a bit longer than I'd like. I find my Holga much easier to load, unload & shoot with. However overall, I still love the Diana f+, fun little camera and the flash is great! Mind you the flash can also be used on the mini diana as well which takes 35mm film as opposed to the 120mm film in the Diana F+.  The Diana also lets you shoot pinholes but I have not tried that feature yet. I suggest 400 speed film or higher as many of my shots (even outside on a sunny day in the shade) were a little too dark. 100 is fine outside in bright light or the beach. Indoors, I suggest a flash. Overall fun camera! P.S for anyone looking to get their 120 film developed try: www.dwaynesphoto.com or thedarkroom.com", 'LOVE!', 'I don\'t understand Lomography. I used this camera a lot and tried to figure it out. I tried to "get it." However, in the end, it\'s just a sucky, cheaply-made, expensive camera.', "The lens sucks. I don't think I was able to get a clear photo out of this camera. Sure, it's not meant to get super-sharp photos. It's suppose to have that lo-fi look. Also, the viewfinder, for a medium-format camera, sucks. It is hard to frame correctly. My photos end up badly framed.", "I don't know. Maybe I'm more of a purist to tolerate a super-blurry, heavily vignetted, cheap-o plastic camera. If I wanted the lo-fi, dreamy look, I rather just do it in post. This was a waste of money and time.", "Nice camera, I bought it for my girlfriend as an introduction into medium format. It's simple to use for a 120 camera, compared to a yashica mat 124 G, which can be pretty difficult to operate. She's already got the hang of it and has taken some pretty sweet photos. It's a great camera to buy and a lot of fun.", 'Nice one', 'I am currently enrolled in a medium format film photography class at my college. We do have access to a number of mamiya tlrs and slrs. However, I wanted something of my own. I was initially looking at one of the fujifilm gw series of cameras, but they are currently out if my budget. Seeing this set "used" for a substantial discount I decided to throw caution to the wind and bite. I am hardly a lomographer, I use a Sony a7, an Olympus OM1, and a vast array of high quality film point and shoots. I have had a few dslrs, micro 43s and premium digital point and shoots. That being said, I have been long intrigued by this set. The idea of an interchangeable plastic system camera that shoots in 120 is exciting and I had a call back to my youth as one of my first camera was a holga.', 'The "used" set I bought came as new. In the box, blister packed, tied in. I saw no discernible signs of use, and it arrived in a box from Lomography. The set itself is massive and impressive. You get the kitchen sink. You would be hard-pressed to not find what you needed in this kit. It also comes with a few beautifully printed books that really give a feel for the lomo lifestyle.', 'The materials are solid for what they are, plastic. They are a few steps below Bakelite, but certainly above your average cheapie plastic. Good stuff but certainly not rugged war-photography goods. But you knew that.', "As for the images: the lenses are sharper than I expected. Quite good in fact. But!! If you are using this for mission critical shots, beware. Out of the 5 rolls I've shot, I have maybe been rewarded with 5 usable shots. Exposure is hard to nail, even if set correctly and I have had a number of overly dense or overly thin negative frames that have made enlarging difficult if not impossible.", "However, the shots the you do get have a certain something about them. In fact they are beautiful. Often people call the images dreamy when referring to plastic cameras, but it's more than that. There is a timeless quality to the images. And I am more than happy with the ones I do get.", "As a side note, this camera makes double exposures super easy, in fact so easy it becomes default if you aren't careful. Well I've never experimented with double exposure much, and this camera has taught me that I don't particularly like them. Haha. Just something to keep in mind.", "So my honest assessment: at the full new price it's a bit much, fun but the price of entry is a little high in my opinion. However at the discounted used price, it is well worth it. Give it a shot.", 'its a camera', 'Lightweight and very portable. However it is very easy to overexposed your photographs so be careful.', "Having a Lomo cam has always been a dream of me and now that they are sold very affordably...well, here it is! My lomo cma! It's so easy to use and flexible to all sorts of Diana accessories. The best thing about it is that it takes really awesome pictures!!!"

'Issues with 35mm back the counter not skip to the next picture.', "It's just what I wanted!", 'It is fun! You get some nice shots. Of course you havr to shoot the old fashion way and wait until your film is processed.', 'Still testing out this retro camera and thoroughly enjoying it! Note to future purchasers, this camera LOVES LIGHT - seems to take best photos in bright daylight - or close-ups with the flash - attached are two photos I recently took, one of a couple at a Day of the Dead celebration (flash) and the other my mom with our dog (daylight - no flash) I\'m currently using 120 B&W film - The Diana F+ is my "art camera" and a refreshing change from my others that I use. Facebook/net has terrific Lomography sites - advise you to tap into same for tips and sharing photos, camera advice.', "BE AWARE: - This camera uses 120 film - I purchase mine at a local camera store - you most likely won't be able to find film at your local CVS, Walgreens, etc. We're talking film purchase at specialty camera stores or online.", "I'd like to find a camera case - shoulder strap - that accepts the flash/hot shoe as well - at present, I use a large shoulder strap purse.", 'it is a fun camera.', 'Missing a part.', 'Tons of fun!', 'Love it!'

'I thought this would be a great deal with all the accessories and the page is directly linked to the standalone 120mm camera. The product description says nothing about this being a 35mm only and I assumed that the 120mm back was included, with the 35mm setup as an accessory.  I was really disapointed to find that my package only included the 35mm camera back. I am having lots of trouble trying to find a 120mm back, and I may have to buy another camera on top of the 170.00 I paid for this package.', 'Soooo perfect', 'GREAT !!!!', "I've had fun with this camera and enjoy using it.  Is SO nice having a camera that weighs nothing!  If you like basic cameras, plastic lenses, and no frills then this is a nice low cost choice.  Regarding the cost - the up charge for the flash attachment is ridiculously overpriced and its a very cheap, weak flash.  Looks real cool but its a rip.  Don't know if the sell it separately but Lomography makes an adapter that allows you to attache a hot shoe flash to this camera.  Regarding the camera there seems to be a parallax issue - don't put the subject matter at the top of the viewfinder because it will be cut off.  My only real complaint is that loading film is a pain in the rear.  Major pain. Do not make this camera your first 120 film size camera unless you are a patient individual.  Its very easy to start the film on the take-up spool slightly off and then, after you close the camera, and begin to wind the camera to the first shot, you find that the take-up spool jams.  You can only fix this by opening the camera, removing the film and hand winding the film back onto the source spool.  I've been doing 120 film photography for decades and this still happened to me, only once so far.  The only other thing of concern is that the plastic tabs that hold the spools to the camera, and that have to be bent to allow insertion of the spools, are VERY thin and look like they would break if you looked at them hard.  Have fun!", "I buy everything from Amazon. I love Amazon but this product failed me. I ordered the Lomography Diana F+ last week for vacation. I expected what was pictured. The day before I left for CA I received my order. It was the original 1960s Diana camera, not the Lomography remake. I contacted Amazon who said they'd send out the correct one immediately to my hotel. I told them what the issues were and they promised everything would be fine. They sent me a new one. It got there the middle of day 2 on a 4 day trip. It was AGAIN the WRONG one! I called Amazon immediately. The CS person was perplexed and could not understand what I was telling her. I finally frustratingly requested a refund for everything and free shipping to return the two wrong cameras.", "As for the Diana. I would've shot with the wrong one on the trip, but there was mold inside the lens of both of them. They were both usable, and the original Diana did not have a removable lens for me to get in there to try to clean it. Be wary.", "As of this writing, this product is pulled. The rep told me someone needs to physically go and examine their inventory. I am glad they're trying to fix the issue but somethings are said for human shipping.", "I just love the camera! Lately I've got my first developed film, and the effect is awesome! I had a lot of fun taking photos with it, and every photo is just phenomenon!", "I bought this for my wife for her birthday this year. I was the hero. It was the best gift she's received in years.  I'm so glad I went with the deluxe Kit rather than just the camera itself. Now she has everything she needs to take her bazaar photos.", "When this box arrived I was like a kid on Christmas. I didn't want to open it, the presentation was just so beautiful. So being a photographer I of course took pictures of it before I opened it.", "For starters it is a plastic film camera, recreated from a 1960's model. It is just so retro and light. The campy little attachable flash is darling! It is originally set up to shoot 120 film, which only allows you to take 12 or 16 shots. But it's different when you're shooting film. At least for me. I don't go blowing through it like I do digital. I put more thought into each image, it slows me down, which is good.", "The kit also has an adapter you put inside the camera so you can shoot 35mm. It was sort of a hassle to figure out, but I did. The cool thing about the 35mm is you can shoot over the sprockets. I just love that, the lab however did not. The prints did not include the sprockets, so I'll have to scan the negatives.", 'It comes with a bunch of supposed user manuals, which I honestly did not find helpful. But I found the info I needed on-line.', 'It even has a little cable release, soooo cute!', 'I purchased the Diana for my hipster GF lomographer.  She is absolutely in love with this product, no complaints reported.', "my camera came with a factory default, this is hell cuz i'm not in US and seems that nobody can solve me the problem, however the shipping was good."

'Great object, great deal! The best way to start going analog in perfect lomography style! Very fun and simple to use!', 'I have several analog cameras, my favorite is the diana f +. It is also very light and medium format.', 'Happy with the purchase and the results', 'i bought this for my girlfriend cuz her name is diana and it was a hit! definitely fun to use and i feel so hip', 'I bought this to replace my Holga that started acting up (the spring on the shutter was sticking and the built in flash broke). I much prefer the Diana to that because it is easier to open and close, easier to load the film, and you can exchange the lenses/do pinhole. I will agree with others that the Lomo cameras are overpriced for what they are, but buying it here on Amazon is the best deal around.', 'A word about medium format: this camera is best if you have the ability to at least develop film yourself and scan the negatives onto the computer. If you have to get the film developed and prints made from an outside source, it is going to cost you, especially B&W film developing, because it is done by hand at the smaller, independent photo labs. All that aside, this camera is great fun for B&W and color!', "I went out on a limb and ordered this deluxe kit from Lomography at a massive discount despite a few very negative reviews that expressed frustration with the 35 mm back being defective upon arrival. While this may concern people, it should be taken into account whether or not they actually tried to fix this problem or are just bitching and not giving customer service an opportunity to help them. I called Amazon, who was willing to expedite a new set overnight to make up for the problems with the one I had. After that point I managed to get ahold of the actual Lomography store/headquarters based in NYC and the girl was very candid in telling me that there was a manufacturing issue with a certain batch of the deluxe kits, but all it required was that a tiny plastic piece be swapped out in a procedure you can do yourself. She gave me the option of mailing a DIY fix it kit or offered that the company cover shipping costs for me to ship the actual back into them and they would fix it, and not once asked me to very that I had even purchased the camera from their direct website. They will honor the warranty regardless of where you purchase it, and it's a pretty safe bet Amazon is an authorized dealer. In my experience if you call and are pleasant, you will receive the most wonderful costumer service ever. This kit saves you about $40 in overall equipment cost in comparison to other amazon prices, double that and that's how much you save in comparison to the lomography website's price. The kit includes sleek and convenient nylon bags for the 4 lenses, and a larger bag that can fit any choice of other accessories. Also with how much you save, you can treat yourself to the leather flash case, which I highly recommend!", "This camera is really for fun random shots. Hard to load and understand the how the 120mm roll works, but once you figure it out, you can have tons of fun with this camera. It's too light weight for my taste, but I still enjoy it. I would suggest getting the flash.", "Was very excited to get this camera kit but very disappointed that the 35mm camera back OR the camera itself is faulty.  Ordered a separate 35mm camera back after the one with the kit did not work but have the same problem, which makes me believe its the cheaply made in China camera.  Will use the camera with original back only...totally DISAPPOINTED and a waste!!!!  Spend your money on the individual cameras, you'll end up spending less in the end.", "I purchased this for my daughter, an aspiring photographer as an added tool.  She has yet to use it as the film is difficult to locate. One must order it online as it's 120size and not found in any stores.  I think it's a terrific gift idea.", 'I was looking for a hobby for my tween daughter that we could learn together.  We love the look of old photography and will constantly be driving and say, "That would make a good picture."  Then, on Saturdays, we drive around to all of those great spots we scoped out.  Watch which film you purchase, it does take a special film. We love the quility time together with this product.', "I ordered this camera for Christmas.  It came in a timely manner and everything looked great. Unfortunately, the 35mm back would not fit on properly. We tried everything and finally took it to a lomography camera store to see if they could help.  Apparently, the back was faulty and they said it was a manufacturer's defect.  So disappointing! Not sure if this problem has been fixed so you may be better off purchasing somewhere you can return it easily if something does go wrong."

'If you love toy cameras this is an excellent one. I collect and use all types and styles of toy cameras and the Diana F+ is one of my absolute favorites.', 'everything was in the package so i was happy. i looked at all the supplies and there were minor scratches on certain items but i did get a used (claiming to be "like new") order. i decided to use the 35mm back because thats the most easily accessible film i could get today and therein lies the problem. the 35mm back is broken. the film wont catch and wind so i can start taking pictures. i spent an hour trying to get it to work, thinking i may have put in on wrong, till i finally gave in and pulled up a video on youtube. i saw how easily the guy got his to wind up so he could start using it and i got really pissed. so now, not only did i waste $12 dollars on film, but i also will have to waste another $50 to buy a new one. i am extremely disappointed and pissed beyond belief. thanks a lot for wasting my money', "I've been a fotobug for almost 40 yrs. and professional for over 30 of them. Switched to digital 12 yrs. ago and love it. Before digi I spent many hours in a darkroom and developing my own b/w film and recently got the urge to shoot some film again but not in a traditional way. I owned a Diana camera in the 90's, so when I researched and found a whole new movement dedicated to toy camera's (Lomography) it got me interested and so I bought the Diana+ complete kit and it is well worth it. If you were to buy all separately you would spend well over $300. There's plenty of film available to shoot (120,35 & instant film) and it is a ton of fun. Now I scan the film and work in PS to finish the work. It doesn't replace digital for serious work but it has already given me some interesting images to add to my catalogue.", 'Great camera! It is very difficult to buy film for it though. I had to find a camera shop in town. My recommendation is to order it online. Otherwise great deal for the money.', "Love the camera! i'm new to lomography and i wanted to just get the camera and flash by itself. after looking around, i found out it would cost way more to buy the lenses and other accesories seperate. also this camera origanlly uses 110 mm film, which is close to impossible to find, except for here at urban outfitters, but 35 mm film is much cheaper and easier to find and more places develop it. this package has the 35 mm backing which is something that is a must have with this camera. overall this package is a much better buy than the camera by itself. the camera takes some getting used to but after that it works wonderfully.", "I understand this is a camera made of plastic, and had it arrived in fully working condition I might have kept it, but it was either the 35mm back or the film advancer itself that was faulty.  I got the kit since it seemed like a great deal and it would be fun to experiment with all the different lenses, but also because it gave me the option of using 120mm film or 35mm.  Since I already had 35mm film on hand, I thought I'd try that out first, but the film would just not advance.  The little teeth would catch the film sprockets but could not spin with the added tension.  I poured over the manual, watched videos, I even took it to a camera shop and had a technician take a look, at which point he advised me to invest in Holga rather than Diana.  I get the feeling this equipment breaks on the regular.  Sticking with my polaroid for now I suppose.", 'Camera is great and takes good pictures. But the film and printing costs are very very expensive. Unless you are willing to pay for it, or have good experience with lomopgrahy, I would reccomend the Diana mini.', 'It include all the lenses to take some wonderful pictures.', 'This camera and lenses works like a time machine, everything looks awesome.', 'Stop reading and get your own Diana Deluxe Kit, and have nice pics.', "Sure, you might think I'm setting up some clever little double entendre after reading the title, but I'm being entirely literal here. The camera came in 2 days (despite choosing free 5-7 day shipping), and in top condition of course. It's very fun and priced well, and the package included a surprisingly high quality hardcover book filled with stories, pictures, and interviews related to Diana photography. I got it for my 13 year old brother's birthday and he thought it was awesome. We'll know how our first shots turned out in a few days, but so far it has been great."

'I bought the Lomo Diana F+ Deluxe camera kit for pretty cheap. The listing said the box was open but it did not indicate any damage to any of the gear...', 'I know lomo cameras aren\'t super expensive, but there were 5 lenses, a bulb flash, viewfinders and a camera - common sense would say you might want to take extra care in packaging. When the package arrived it was just wrapped with paper bag wrap and the plastic on the actual item packaging was torn through. They clearly didn\'t care enough package it properly AT ALL. Three of 5 lenses are scratched and the fish eye viewfinder is damaged. AGAIN, no mention of any damage to the camera items in the listing. Instead of using paper tape to restock the items into the box for shipment (plastic front "front holds" items and stays in place only with backing or tape) they used that sticky clear packaging tape that left residue on pretty much all of the equipment. I can\'t get it off of the viewfinder glass.', 'Would not recommend buying from this place.', "I love this camera. But I knew what I was looking for and didn't expect a top of the line camera and the high quality images that come with it. But if you are reading this you already know about toy/plastic cameras and from one beginner to another, great camera but DOES have a learning curve that probably could be frustrating to a person with little patience. But if you know all this already and looking for a great camera get this, and happy shooting.", 'This is a fun little kit with tons of accessories. it will take a while to explore all the options but thats the fun of film!', 'Love this camera, great features, cheap, and easy to use. iv shot 4 rolls of film so far and have had every shot come out great. I do suggest doing a little research on flickr first to get the most out of your camera and to learn a few helpful tips. Like how to avoid a "fat roll". Product was as ordered and arrived on time', 'I bought this for my new daughter in law who has a degree in photography and art. She loves it and already uses it a lot.', "Amazing setup ... the Diana with every other possible item to accompany it (except the digital exposure pack that you can buy separately).  With this kit you'll be presented with a dizzying, almost paralyzing, array of aesthetic possibilities.  My advice: Don't let it overwhelm you; instead, just pick up the camera and start shooting, and then make your way through the various lenses, filters, formats, etc. one by one, bird by bird as they say.", 'I love my Diana F+. I just got it for Christmas and it is fantastic. I am by no means extremely skilled with a camera and even I could follow the easy instructions for setting up the camera and using it in the way a Diana is meant to be used (or not lol).', 'The instruction manual is fun and the book included is so interesting. I would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a fun hobby to pursue. Have fun with you Diana! It feels like stepping back in time when using it!', "I recommend this kit to anyone interested in photography. Both amateurs and pros can get a kick out of the Diana and all her accessories as its easy to use, but can render some amazing results. As a true beginner when it comes to photography, i was a bit apprehensive about delving into the world of lomography and the Diana, but i went for it any way and i don't regret it one bit. It is addicting you literally can't put the camera down once you get it, trying to develop your technique and endlessly experimenting. I bought the kit about 2 months ago and i still love it and can't get enough it. So much so that i decided to get the instant back which is not included in the kit bet well worth the money for anyone who gets into the Dianna. In summation, this camera is super easy to use and a great way to enter the world of photography. So if your apprehensive, don't be just get you will not regret it.", 'I love this camera! I was lucky enough to get the complete kit (lenses,Flash,35mm back, etc...) fro Christmas. I started out with 35mm because it is cheaper to buy and to develop, but as soon as I got used to the camera, I switched to 120mm. I like to experiment with different film speeds, but 800 ISO seems to be a favorite for double or triple exposures. BTW, walmart develops 120mm film SUPERCHEAP. No more $15-$30 per roll!', "I first learned about this camera at the Look3 Festival of the Photograph in Charlottesville, Virginia back in June. It seems every pro photographer has this camera or has the iPhone app. which replicates it's unique style.  I shot my first roll of film last week and can honestly say I am hooked.", "It's the imperfections that make this unique. After years of shooting in digital, there is something nice about loading film and not knowing immediately what the photo is going to look like.", "The only drawback is that this camera is extremely flimsy. I wasn't expecting an all-plastic camera to be built like a tank, but this is pretty light even when compared to other all-plastic cameras. My advice is if you are going to carry this around with you a lot like I do, then invest in a case. Even a cheap one is probably better than nothing."

"My roommate had one of these and I played around with it before needing one of my own.  I'm very satisfied with it, but it took a while to get everything perfect.", "The Diana Deluxe Kit is exactly what you'd want if you are interested in purchasing a Diana F+. It comes with nearly every Diana accessory available by Lomography. The only accessory missing is the instant back which runs about 95 dollars on their site. Inside is an assortment of five lenses, splitzer, 35mm back, flash, hot shoe adapter, view finders, and cable release & collar. This is packaged, as you can tell from the picture, pretty well. My only qualm is that it took me a while to find the gel filters for the flash. They were kind of hidden to the point I wasn't sure if mine were included. It comes with a flashy manual for every piece of equipment. Oh, and it comes with little handy bags that you can put your lenses in!", 'This is my favorite camera offered by Lomography and this kit is well worth the price if you plan on using it a lot and want to collect all the accessories for it. You will save a lot of money in the long run.', "The quality of the pictures will come out great if you learn how to use Diana. She's an unpredictable camera- a little temperamental at times, but will bring you utter joy when you see how awesome your photos can come out. I just love the fisheye lens. Saved myself from buying a fisheye camera! I recommend for those new to Lomography or even photography to read all the manuals. Maybe some people think they don't need to but it never hurts to acquaint yourself with it, especially with the lenses. But always have fun with it and don't think too hard!", 'I have no complaints with the camera whatsoever, it works great and does what you\'ve been "promised;" my only regret is that I didn\'t know how much of a hassle it would be develop the 120mm film! Certainly not the camera\'s fault, nor is it Lomography\'s, I just wish I would\'ve done a bit more research to fully understand what I was getting myself into. I\'m a big fan of Lomography and have found it to be a fun way to experiment with photography, however, I would\'ve opted for the Diana Mini given my experience and opportunity to experiment with the camera. Granted, I\'m not a professional photographer, but this brand encourages all levels of expertise to have fun with photography, and it certainly is fun, but the 35mm Diana Mini would have been a better choice for me. The Mini can use all the accessories that the regular Diana does, except that it uses 35mm film; easier to obtain, to use (load/unload) and less costly to develop!!!!!', "GREAT PACKAGING....WONDERFUL BOOK ENCLOSED..AW-SOME CAMERA....CAN'T GO WRONG FOR 40 BUCKS, THE BOOK ALONE IS WORTH HALF THE PRICE AND FREE 5-8 DAY SHIPPING....I'M V. HAPPY WITH ANYTHING LOMO....JUST ACCEPT WHAT IT STANDS FOR AND EXPECT THE UNEXPECTED WHEN YOU SEE YOUR PRINTS....", 'HAPPY LOMOING,', 'MELOMO', "If you understand this cameras flaws, you will understand it's strengths. In gentle understanding hands she will jump to life and astound you with her unique perspectives. When getting aquainted with her, take her on a nice picnic date on a nice bright sunny day. Diana is a sunny day kind of girl, not found of overcast days. She's famous for her light leaks, which are stunning if you've never seen them. Totally unique, no other camera can take pics quite like her.", "Advice; use quality film! If you use cheap film don't expect brilliance. I've used 4 rolls of Fuji Film color 400 and the results were less than stunning. Ask the developer to saturate the color, as the color will seem weak when processed on standard settings. The developer will know what you mean. I've shot 2 rolls with Lomography black and white 100 and I was shocked! Totally gorgeous contrasts and depth! When starting out I suggest shelling out and buying nice film, as it will give you a better understanding of what medium format can do.", 'The bad; made out of plastic. Light as a feather, but could easily break, so be gentle! And never force the film to advance as it could break the mechanism.', "I recommend shelling out and buying the deluxe kit which comes with all the lenses and accessories. It's way cheaper than buying it all piecemeal. I have the fisheye lens which makes for some great shots in black and white!", "I received my camera early today, a few days earlier than the estimated delivery time (I'm not complaining!) My product came in wonderful condition. I got more than what I expected since it came with a book which was shockingly in amazing detail along with decent instructions on how to work the camera. Still learning how to use the camera, there is a lot of settings for it even though it is not digital. If you don't know how to insert the film in the camera I highly recommended to look it up on Youtube. The instructions for inserting film was terrible. Other than that it is easy to understand. I didn't buy the combo, but I suggest that you do. I bought only one roll of film to try it out and each roll has about 12 pictures on it. With the combo you at least get a grip of film to use. I am overall satisfied with my purchase and look forward to using and advancing in such product.", "Gota love lomo's new Diana.  It's been a long time since I had this much FUN with a camera!", "So yeah, this thing has a very low build quality. I wasn't expecting much for 25.00 but yeah... I bought it as a gift for someone not knowing what it was and I am shocked that this 1lb< item could cost so much. I have an app on my android phone that shoots better low-fi pictures than this thing... And i dont have to hunt down the film for it...", "I should preface this review by saying that I use the 35mm back on my Diana, so I haven't actually used any 120 film.  But I absolutely adore this camera.  It's cute and quirky, and you never really know how your pictures are going to come out.  If this review was just for the camera it would be five stars.  I love my Diana.", "Unfortunately within three months of buying it, my flash died.  It just stopped working.  My husband opened it up and found that the circuit board inside was burnt so we're assuming that was why it stopped working.  Luckily there are other options as far as the flash is concerned, so I went with a different flash altogether, and I doubt I'll end up buying a replacement Diana F+ flash.", 'I purchased the Lomography Diana Deluxe Camera Kit as a Christmas gift for my (21 y/o) daughter (at her request).  So far she\'s having a lot of fun with it. It definitely has the novelty look and feel of the 70\'s (cheap plastic; "does it really work" look), but the pics are decent quality, which may improve as she learns the ins and outs of the camera and interchanging backs and lenses.  Also purchased the instant back pack for the camera, but she has not tried this yet. Finding instant film is next to impossible in any local or big box stores.  When I asked if they had instant film, I got the "deer in the headlights" look from the clerk.', "She was having a bit of difficulty interchanging the camera backs. Almost felt like the pieces would break with little pressure, but she feels all around it's a fun camera for taking fun pics, which is why she wanted it for Christmas."

'Just got my camera today and was so excited to try it out but have now come to the realization that (outside of ordering it always online) finding film for it and more importantly getting it developed will not be a walk in the park. A dark room of my own my be in my future.', 'I love this medium format film camera! It is a little harder to find places that will develop this film in my area, but there are places online you can send it to. This camera is fun for the vintage feel and you never know what you will get until you get the pictures back. It is a surprise in every roll.', "I'm totally new to the Diana set, even if this set is a toy camera the result was spectacular. I know it's a digital era but don't let technologies ruin the fun! The set was fantastic and I love the lens set and 35mm back works just fine. It might take quite some time and a lot of patience to learn it, plus film processing are expensive these days.", 'Even if the result can be amazing, this is still a toy camera! Some of my friends thought I was joking, some even complaints about the cheap, plasticky feel...well I know also for plastic stuff $200 are expensive, but considered this as a hobby I do enjoy it exactly the same as Holga, Superheadz and LC-A.', "I bought this camera because my other Diana didn't have a flash.  I had also bought flashes to go with the Diana so it was nice to have the adapter.  I have been using this camera at parties with the instax mini film to take instant photos.  It's fun and a conversation starter.  I use the other Diana for regular film.  This is easy to use and fun to play with.", 'I have now bought two of these cameras for gifts. I absolutely love giving them because people love getting them. Everyone thinks it is just the coolest gift!', "Got this camera for my daughter's birthday. She was absolutely stoked and was our snapping pics in no time. Can't wait to see how she did.", 'I like the DianaF+ a great deal and am pleased with the results I get from taking photos with it. In fact, I prefer the DianaF+ over my Holga. The DianaF+ is particularly effective when using the flash. It creates an interesting and artistic vignette that is very cool. I particularly like the "retro" design.', "My 4 star rating is based on two things: 1) In my opinion, it's pricey for a plastic camera. And 2) I can't get the lens to remove for pinhole shooting. It just won't come off.", "I got this as a gift for my brother - he loves it, has been playing with it, very happy.  But if your giving it as a gift, you need to buy 120 medium format film (as opposed to regular 35mm film).  This is NOT included with the kit, and you'll have to go a camera shop to get it (i.e. not wal-mart).  Interestingly, you do not need batteries - except for the flash (1 AA).", 'Not a big deal, but luckily I realized the need in time to purchase the film, because Christmas presents are more fun if you can play with them right away.', "Would definitely buy this again.  Probably not for a very young child unless they're really serious about cameras - has manual focus, lots of fiddly settings - fun for my 30 year old architect brother, not great for an eight year old (I imagine).  Have yet to see the pictures it takes to see if they're really that unique - will try to update.", 'I just purchased this camera recently and saw my developed film. Its looks great! I recommend using the 16-shot frame mask to get the most out of your film. Take this camera everywhere you go. You will not be disappointed.', "Got this camera and had a Blast! It's easy to use but offers plenty of room to learn and fine tune your film techniques. The medium format is fun and I shot some great pictures with it, however I completely suggest getting the 35mm back for this camera. The camera has been sturdy for me, I've had no problems and it seems as long as i treat it fairly well it should last a long time for a plastic camera. I've also used a Holga too, and I strongly recommend this camera. You get a lot more options and add-ons with the Diana. good luck, take some fun pictures."

"After all the other reviews, I expected my camera to be either totally brilliant with awesome colors and such, or just a piece of crap. Instead, the pictures turned out fairly average, with only slight changes to normal  - but only eight of them turned out, and it was about 5.50 to get them developed. Mostly, though, I like the way it looks, because it's super cute (And a lot bigger than I expected it to) But it wasn't bad, not at all :)", "I love this camera! The medium format is probably my most used and adored film format and this camera can do just about anything. B&W, color, whatever! It's also a pinhole, which is fantastic because you can have color pinhole photos and have one or two on a role and just keep switching it out. I highly recommend buying some of the other lenses that go with this but come separately. Also, I purchased the ringflash, which adds another dimension to your creative capabilities. If you get the 35mm attachment, you're really in business! Yes, it's a bit expensive (these cameras originally sold for literally pennies when the first generation came out decades ago) but what you can do with these cameras is worth every modern day dollar!", 'i love diana cameras.  i love holga cameras and i love lomography.', 'i do not love this new version of the diana camera.', 'i have tried several rolls of film and the camera will not advance properly and jams up at the center of the back.', "i am partially heartbroken as this was conceptually a brillant idea--to make a 'new' diana...but my advice:  go to ebay and get a vintage or buy a holga as they don't have the problems i've experienced with this camera.", "at least mine came with the diana book so i don't feel completely ripped off  :(", 'Received camera broken.  Lense broke away from camera body.  It looks as though this was broken before shipping due to the way the camera was packaged.', 'Returned this camera for a refund and subsequently bought another of the same kind from Urban Outfitters', 'SO MUCH!!', "i originally got this camera for my boyfriend, who is wayyy into photography and lomography. well, i had NO idea it was so easy to use, took amazing pictures that you can't get with any other camera(no matter what holga's promise to do, although they do have their good points as well), and was so cute and vintage-y to boot! so i decided i want one now..."





 19 Reviews 5 Stars (16)4 Stars (2)3 Stars (1)2 Stars (0)1 Stars (0)
Write a review
Most Positive Review 4 customers found this review helpful a great gift my 23 year old son wanted this, and i got it for him for his birthday. it was like he was 5 again! he was so delighted. the lomo diana f+ kit is a great, inexpensive way to be creative and have fun. Read full review   Most Critical Review 2 customers found this review helpful The craziest pics you could ever take I use this product to take profile pictures and play with natural colours and change them for differnts ones. Its useful to make good memories pictures that you cannot forget great for gifts. The only bad things is that the film has to few pictures I think 16 pics are not enough. Read full review Reviewed by 19 customers Sort By: 2/10/2015 larger than life By Amanda   I'm going to start off with the fact that I'm new to film, but accustomed to digital photography. I find that the Diana is quick and easy to use as a camera, and is great for beginners and professionals alike. 
The box is huge. So don't make the mistake that I did, which was to order for in store pickup and have to take it on the train home. I was too impatient! I should have known better and have had it sent to me. In hindsight, it's easy to tell how large the box is, but I felt like I was carrying a shield around with me on the subway. 
You really get the full package, though. I think what struck me most was the books that they included; from user guides to interviews with professionals. It seems simple and easy to overlook, but it's a neat little addition to what can almost be overwhelming in the tools you receive out of the box, and offers some great insight to the history and maybe some inspiration for you!
It's a toy camera, meaning the lens is plastic and that the pictures may not come out as clear as you want them to, but always seem to have a cool effect, intentional or not. 
My only issue is that the lens caps don't always stay on when I keep my Diana in my bag, but I like to think that the lens may get a few scratches and add to the charm. Was this review helpful to you?2 0   2/5/2015 Awesome By Mikaela VERIFIED BUYER First off, the delivery was super speedy! My original plan was to buy an instant camera, but this is just as great. I am pretty new to this kind of photography, but I am so excited to experiment with this. It gives me all kinds of tools and options to make my photos how I want them to be! I have already used one roll of film and am eager to see the results. Ü Was this review helpful to you?0 0   3/20/2013 Love film STILL! By Gig VERIFIED BUYER beautiful kit, definately need to buy a backpack to carry all the lenses that this kits comes with! Was this review helpful to you?0 0   8/20/2012 Awesome purchase By JNT VERIFIED BUYER This was such a great purchase. It came with everything that it said would be included and everything was in great condition. The Diana F+ is a great little camera and I can't wait to see how my first roll of film turned out! The only problem I've had is that the frame counter on the 35mm back stopped turning after frame 12 so after that I had to guess, but I've read that removing one of the screws fixes it so I will try that. Definitely buy this camera! It is a really great price. Was this review helpful to you?0 0   3/26/2012 bring back the analog! By beto VERIFIED BUYER and excellent way for taking pictures and having fun! Was this review helpful to you?0 0   10/10/2011 I love my Diana! By Michelle   This camera is versital, easy to use, very forgiving,super light weight, and FUN! The kit included every thing you need to get to know your Diana including the specs on all the lenses and the ins and outs of the camera its self. This kit is perfect for starting out but I would get a ring flash at some point. You can use medium format film and it has a back to shoot 35mm. it has pin hole setting and normal settings for shooting what ever you want. Was this review helpful to you?2 0   9/27/2011 magnifica By Carlos Jesus VERIFIED BUYER I use in service photos
The service is wonderfull
The exposition is perfect Was this review helpful to you?2 0   9/24/2011 Loving The Lomo By Christian VERIFIED BUYER I use the Diana in so many ways. Most recently I have been exploring all possibilities that the Diana provides. It is unpredictable and enjoyable. My prints have been pretty amazing. It is a great addition to my camera collection.
One small drawback to the camera is that is all plastic and you have to be conscious of what may break. Was this review helpful to you?1 0   9/20/2011 A box of fun! By Photography Student VERIFIED BUYER I bought this kit for a Toy Camera Photography class I'm taking and I love it. There are so many possibilities with this kit, I've only skimmed the surface of experimenting and I've come up with some awesome photographs. I would recommend this kit to anyone at any skill level. The only complaint I could imagine someone having is that there are very few controls on the camera itself, but that's the whole point! Was this review helpful to you?0 0   4/27/2011 Great gift item! By Michael VERIFIED BUYER Everything you need to become a lomographer! Was this review helpful to you?4 0   2/13/2011 a great gift By exene the goddess VERIFIED BUYER my 23 year old son wanted this, and i got it for him for his birthday. it was like he was 5 again! he was so delighted. the lomo diana f+ kit is a great, inexpensive way to be creative and have fun. Was this review helpful to you?4 0   1/10/2011 Love it! By kite the runner VERIFIED BUYER Lots of fun. I had to get the ring flash and polaroid film back after getting the Delux Kit. Too many options. Was this review helpful to you?2 0   12/20/2010 Pretty Legit Camera Kit By Sammy VERIFIED BUYER Great, plastic camera. It's nice to have all of the extra lenses (especially since I bought the adapter to use with my Canon Rebel T2i. Lots of fun to play around with. Was this review helpful to you?4 0   10/26/2010 Amazing! By ginger crystal VERIFIED BUYER I got everything I thought I would and much more! This is an amazing kit! B&H had the best price, [...]I recommend this to anyone who wants to explore the world of plastic cameras, medium format film and just have fun. Was this review helpful to you?3 0   8/26/2010 The craziest pics you could ever take By mariashokolade VERIFIED BUYER I use this product to take profile pictures and play with natural colours and change them for differnts ones. Its useful to make good memories pictures that you cannot forget great for gifts.

 I'm going to start off with the fact that I'm new to film, but accustomed to digital photography. I find that the Diana is quick and easy to use as a camera, and is great for beginners and professionals alike. The box is huge. So don't make the mistake that I did, which was to order for in store pickup and have to take it on the train home. I was too impatient! I should have known better and have had it sent to me. In hindsight, it's easy to tell how large the box is, but I felt like I was carrying a shield around with me on the subway. 
You really get the full package, though. I think what struck me most was the books that they included; from user guides to interviews with professionals. It seems simple and easy to overlook, but it's a neat little addition to what can almost be overwhelming in the tools you receive out of the box, and offers some great insight to the history and maybe some inspiration for you!
It's a toy camera, meaning the lens is plastic and that the pictures may not come out as clear as you want them to, but always seem to have a cool effect, intentional or not. 
My only issue is that the lens caps don't always stay on when I keep my Diana in my bag, but I like to think that the lens may get a few scratches and add to the charm. 
 First off, the delivery was super speedy!  My original plan was to buy an instant camera, but this is just as great.  I am pretty new to this kind of photography, but I am so excited to experiment with this.  It gives me all kinds of tools and options to make my photos how I want them to be!  I have already used one roll of film and am eager to see the results. Ü 
 beautiful kit, definately need to buy a backpack to carry all the lenses that this kits comes with! 
 This was such a great purchase. It came with everything that it said would be included and everything was in great condition. The Diana F+ is a great little camera and I can't wait to see how my first roll of film turned out! The only problem I've had is that the frame counter on the 35mm back stopped turning after frame 12 so after that I had to guess, but I've read that removing one of the screws fixes it so I will try that. Definitely buy this camera! It is a really great price. 
 and excellent way for taking pictures and having fun! 
 This camera is versital, easy to use, very forgiving,super light weight, and FUN! The kit included every thing you need to get to know your Diana including the specs on all the lenses and the ins and outs of the camera its self. This kit is perfect for starting out but I would get a ring flash at some point. You can use medium format film and it has a back to shoot 35mm. it has pin hole setting and normal settings for shooting what ever you want. 
 I use the Diana in so many ways. Most recently I have been exploring all possibilities that the Diana provides. It is unpredictable and enjoyable. My prints have been pretty amazing. It is a great addition to my camera collection.
One small drawback to the camera is that is all plastic and you have to be conscious of what may break. 
 I bought this kit for a Toy Camera Photography class I'm taking and I love it. There are so many possibilities with this kit, I've only skimmed the surface of experimenting and I've come up with some awesome photographs. I would recommend this kit to anyone at any skill level. The only complaint I could imagine someone having is that there are very few controls on the camera itself, but that's the whole point! 
 Everything you need to become a lomographer! 
 my 23 year old son wanted this, and i got it for him for his birthday. it was like he was 5 again!  he was so delighted.  the lomo diana f+ kit is a great, inexpensive way to be creative and have fun. 
 Lots of fun. I had to get the ring flash and polaroid film back after getting the Delux Kit. Too many options. 
 Great, plastic camera. It's nice to have all of the extra lenses (especially since I bought the adapter to use with my Canon Rebel T2i. Lots of fun to play around with. 
 I got everything I thought I would and much more! This is an amazing kit! B&H had the best price, [...]I recommend this to anyone who wants to explore the world of plastic cameras, medium format film and just have fun. 
 I use this product to take profile pictures and play with natural colours and change them for differnts ones. Its useful to make good memories pictures that you cannot forget great for gifts.
The only bad things is that the film has to few pictures I think 16 pics are not enough. 
 I use this for fun, to be artistic with photos. I think its great becasue it is easy to use and is durable 