["You have to have very steady hands-doesn't focus very well.", 'No I sent it back', 'Cheaply made, had to mod it just to get pictures to come out right', 'I love vintage stuff and this is the best', 'this camera is perfect!! now i can be a hipster like my other firends!! and also spend lots, loooots of money in the films! its great', 'Used it to shoot in black and white, loved the out come', "THIS IS AN DIFFERENT TYPE OF CAMERA. IT'S SORTA DIFFERENT TAKING PICTURES.I HAVE NOT AS YET HAD ANY FILM DEVELOPED AS OF YET. I LIKE THE CAMERA BECAUSE IT IS DIFFERENT.", "Took it to the beach, in the sand, under water, and had the best time on our vacation toting this fun little thing around.  Don't forget the waterproof case if you want to take it to the beach which I highly recommend.  only $100 for camera and case and it makes it so much fun at the beach!!", "Really good!! Quality product!!!Recommend to lovers of photography!!Photos really quality and beauty!!I'm so happy whith my camera..this is very beautiful", "No real complaints. This is a fun little camera to play around with. I wouldn't recommend it for any serious photography though."]
["This camera is well made for a toy. I'm using it for fun shots but I didn't anticipate the how expensive film processing is ($12 & up a roll,) and how little I know about light. Knowledge of lighting is essential when trying to use this camera, with its fixed 1/100 F8 shutter speed and aperture. Film isn't too hard to find, most drug stores and grocery stores carry a few selections. The lomography site has cool film available as well if you want Instagram results with a film camera. :-) Way Cool in my opinion. Kind of helps set you apart on this ever increasing digital world.", "So it's clunky, it takes (heaven forbid) 35MM film, but I have a new Nikon 3200 that's cool, but truth is I have had as much almost as much fun wth this little camera. Throw it in your DSLR camera bag for s*%Ts and giggles, and some pretty cool pics. And a great gift. ANALOG may be THE FUTURE?", "I notice its easy to use the camera also the simple functions it has.. wht I didnt like so much is that'its made by plastic..", 'thanks.', 'I was surprised how sharp the photos came out with this camera. Need to handle it carefully though as it appears a bit fragile.', 'The Fisheye 1 was my first lomo camera but after burning out the flash (from too much use) I purchased the Fisheye 2 which I love even more! What do I love about it? Well, it\'s lightweight, fun, easy to use camera with a Bulb option and double exposure feature, what\'s not to like? Here is what I\'ve learned thus far after several years of use. #1 best photos from this camera usually take place outside on a bright sunny day, not inside even with 400 speed film you are not likely to see the "fisheye" effect because everything in the back is black. #2 The closer to the subject you are, the better, more unique, funky photos you will get. #3 It is excellent for group shots, just have the tallest person hold it above you and point it down #4 it\'s a great camera to take to the beach/pool especially if you are going to cross process the film, the blues are awesome! #5 Great sun flare (just remember to use the flash if the sun is behind your subject), if you forget, your subject will be darker than you actually intended. #6 batteries last awhile but always travel with spare AA\'s. #7 Get creative using the double exposure button, get really creative. #8 When shooting upclose the flash will leave a part of the image darkened because it is covered by the big round lens. In order to avoid this I bought a cheap flash (made for Holgas called the holga flash) and use that instead. Since it\'s on the hot shoe of the camera you won\'t have anymore dark areas, it\'s an inexpensive flash that works great especially at night!', '#9 If using the B feature try to use a tripod or steady surface to balance the camera on, otherwise it will be blurry. Overall a great fun camera! And remember practice, practice, practice.', u'Also pairs great with this product for fun underwater shots!\xa0', 'I was really excited to get this as I was interested in trying film cameras and this camera looked so fun. At the same time, I wasn\'t expecting much considering the price, lack of controls, and that it\'s made out of plastic. But it doesn\'t feel like plastic and I think the silver part is metal but I could be wrong! It feels very sturdy. The viewfinder is great and lets you see the way a fisheye lens sees, which is fun to look at especially when it\'s detachable and it makes people like and understand what the camera does. I loaded it with 400 Lomography 35mm film, which I loved the results in. The landscapes I took were curved beautifully and the colors were super vibrant. i even switched the "mx" button and did a multiple exposure which turned out beautiful. I also put an AA battery in for the flash and brought it bowling with my friends. The flash is powerful and effective for a few feet away, and i got lit up, fun shots of me and my friends! It\'s 170 degree view really takes in a lot, and me and my friends put it on a table and looked up for a really fun picture. The bulb mode is really interesting too but you have to make sure to keep it still. I\'m so excited to make more memories and take more beautiful pictures in this camera! I couldn\'t be happier.', 'Bought this camera to fool around with.  I have trouble loading film and re-winding film back into the cartridge, but overall I am happy with it.  I think I just need to learn how to work with film...', "This camera is fantastic.  The long exposure setting provides for great pictures, as does the double, triple, etc. setting.  I used the double exposure setting while in Japan, and got some amazing photos.  The only MINOR problem with it is that you must be pretty close to the subject to get good details, although that should be expected with a fisheye lens.  Mine was actually stolen from me recently, so I'm on my second one!", "Originally I bought this camera because I wanted to take fisheye photos but didn't have the money for a dSLR plus a fisheye lens. I am pretty happy with this camera overall! I had never used a film camera before this one but it's easy to figure out. Also, it has a multiple exposure switch and a bulb setting, so you can use them to make pretty cool effects. The mx switch allows you to take multiple shots on the same frame, and the bulb setting allows you to keep the shutter open as long as you want, so you can play around with light painting, etc.", 'Pros:', 'cheaper than dSLR + fisheye lens', 'pretty sturdy for being plastic', 'easy to use, good for beginners', 'allows major creativity', 'Cons:', 'viewfinder is higher than the lens, so you sort of have to guess where to aim the lens', "doesn't work in darker settings; would recommend using on very sunny days", 'the large lens actually blocks the flash, so you have a dark spot on the side of the photo', "All in all, this is a pretty good camera for someone who is new to the concept of film photography. Not for perfectionists, since I can guarantee some of your pictures won't turn out. The camera shoots best in bright light and you will need the flash for most darker settings. As I mentioned, the flash is blocked a little by the lens, so I would recommend buying a ring flash if that will bother you. I have probably taken about a hundred photos and love about 1/3 of them. I would recommend this product.", "It's easy and fun to use!", "Today I shot a roll using the lomography negative 35mm film iso 100 and the pictures came out clear when in bright sunny weather. Without much sunlight the pictures didn't come out as bright and clear. I am sure you can shoot up to 36 pictures with this film but only 29 came out... I am still new to using the camera and film so I really don't know why I could only end up shooting 29.", 'Otherwise, I like it. I dropped it off at Walgreens to put on a CD and then I edit them on photobucket. I am going to try iso 400 film soon!', 'When taking pictures though... the leash or whatever got in some of the pictures so beware when taking a picture of the object in a downward angle!', 'One more thing, when opening the camera it had it white fuzzy paste in the camera which I thought was weird... I am not so picky about it so I tried to wipe it off. Some of the crust is still there though... weird... o.o;']
page: 3
['After one day out of the package, and no photos taken yet, the multiple/single exposure tab or switch on the back was broken. It was loose and did not lock in either direction. Had great fun with the camera for one roll, however, when I went to put in the next new roll of film the advance wheel turned but would not turn on the inside to catch the film. Unable to load film = sent it back to Amazon! This camera has a lot of potential. The pictures turned out great for the most part, very creative and unique. Would suggest making it in AMERICA instead of China, the quality shows for it. This cheapness would have been fine for $20, but not $60.', "The camera is excellent, extremelly gorgeous. If you are a Lomo Fan, then you should definitely have it. Its high quality, the Flash works perfectly. Don't doubt it, you won't regret it!", "Best with films of ISO400. Always keep the flash on. Don't forget to take off the lens cap. Get as close as possible to your target. See my pictures: [...]", "Great little camera, especially for the price. I have had a ton of fun with this thing. don't expect anything super durable but it is built well. great piece for any collection. it's really awesome when used with the lomo color splash flash!", 'Great fisheye camera especially for the price. great colors and easy to use with great fisheye results. Do a little research on flickr to make sure you get the most from the camera as they can be a bit tricky but once you know how to handle this camera you will have great fun with this fisheye camera', 'I ordered the fisheye 2 and though it arrived fast and on time, the description said nothing about the flash not working. I tried changing the batteries, everything, and it still would not turn on or work properly.I went to develop my first roll ,and all the film came out BLACK. I regret buying this camera, wasting my money and I do not plan on buying from these sellers again.', "I have had the Fisheye 2 for about a year, and it is still one of my favorite cameras out of my collection.  In terms of durability, I find it more durable than some of my other toy cameras, mostly because the Fisheye 2 comes with a metal panel built in and the lens exterior is also made of metal.  This doesn't weigh it down by any means, but it does give you a sense of sturdiness that you may lack from all-plastic bodies.", "In terms of usability, I think my favorite element is the fisheye viewer--you'll find that this camera is a lot more wide-angle than most toy cameras, and I rely on this viewer to predict what sort of framing I'm going to get when the picture is exposed.  Other features: I don't use the built-in flash very often because I have the Holga 12S flash with color filters, so I attach that when I want to use flash.  I do like the MX button (Multiple Exposure button, which you slide over if you want the camera to release the shutter button so you can take another photo on the same frame).  A feature I don't particularly like is the flimsy silicon lens cap, which never stays on the lens.  It's not a huge hindrance, but it's still something that I find annoying.", "Other than the minor issues I mentioned, the Fisheye 2 is a worthy addition to any lomographer's collection.", "The camera is okay. I recommend you to take the picture in a bright environment (sunny weather). If you need to take picture outside in the late afternoon, for shutter speed you'd better choose B instead of N, even when you are using high ISO film. Otherwise, the noise of the picture will drive you crazy.", "NOTE: if you own a DSLR camera body, just buy a fisheye lens. It costs you almost the same, but it will give you nicer and better quality pictures with similar effect. However, if you are familiar using the film camera, you can create an antique feeling of the picture which DLSR can't give you.", "Overall, this is a fun camera. However, if you can only tolerate the photo quality produced by a DSLR camera, you shouldn't buy this one.", "I was given the Lomo Fisheye 2 for Christmas. It's a fun little camera, but it's pretty junky. Of course it's junky; it's a Lomo.", 'However, I lost so many shots trying to rewind the film when the roll was done. It would come unspooled, so the only way to avoid exposing the film was to either go into my bathroom, shove a towel under the door, turn off the lights, & open the camera, or borrow my dad\'s black bag. I still had to take the film out and then hand spool it back into the film canister. Frankly, that annoyed me so much that I haven\'t really played with it since I first discovered this little "quirk"', "If you want a fish-eye look to your pictures, you're better off getting a camera that you can swap out the lenses with. The fish eye isn't even that exaggerated. Most of the pictures just look like they have a circle frame around them.", "After developing my first roll, I think some turned out great! :-)  A lot of them were too dark, so just make sure you turn your flash on if you're outside when it's dark, or inside if theres not enough lighting. In all, I REALLY like this camera! It's a huge improvement over the first fisheye."]
page: 4
["This camera is definitely one of my favorite cameras. The fisheye lens is so awesome to play with and you get really cool pictures out of it. I definitely would recommend if you're looking to have fun with making pictures.", 'Bought as a present for a friend who loves photography but has never really used a non digital camera. He picked it up easily and now loves his fisheye. Came in great condition and very attractive packaging. Would recommend to anyone interested in photography.', "I am no photographer by any means. And I haven't picked up film cameras since disposable cameras before good ol' point-and-shoot. But I was so intrigued by serendipitous lomography, so I ended up getting this after hours of research and internet eye-shopping (especially since I knew nothing about film or lomo). Diana seemed awesome, but I wasn't ready to invest that much money yet. The $50 fisheye 2 seemed more or less perfect. Since I live in sunny LA, I took many pictures outside in the sun on beautiful days, totally abusing lens flare, lots of sky, lots of sunlight. Also night time and indoors with friends, always with flash. After getting 3 rolls of 36-exposure lomography 400 iso films developed, I got more than 80 decent pictures, which was a huge shock to me! Because I always read reviews about how terrible everyone's pictures ended up being, with half or even third developing to worth anything. That's when I thanked all the research I did on how to really use the camera and how to get the best pictures. You should do your research too!", 'Two things that suck:', 'The lens cap sucks. I carry it in a generic case with extra film so no biggie.', 'When using built-in flash, it creates a shadow on the bottom-right corner of the picture. But I guess that just gives me an excuse to buy other flashes :)', 'It is SO much fun. Just relax and enjoy! Definitely recommended.', 'The boxing is just as cool as what is in the box. I really like the design where they have a translucent cover for the lens. The camera function well. I havnt go develop the film yet, so I dont konw how the picture is gonna come out. Over all I think this is a good camera for fish eye beginner like me!', "Cheap simple easy.  takes a little getting used to since it doesn't adjust for lighting.  you should know basic retro camera controls for lighting and shutter speeds.  fun to experiment with exposure times and multiple images on one exposure..  all and all fun product my daughter absolutely loves it gives you that skate video fisheye look at a cheap price.", 'I bought this camera, and it arrived really fast!', 'I had problems loading the film, but they had a great customer support line and I figured it out really fast.', 'It is so different than an ordinary camera, and also very fun and experimental!', 'I shoot with a DSLR 99.9% of the time, but this just for fun. its very light plastic seems cheap but what do u expect for a 35mm camera under $100. Ive already had photos printed and they came out great. i recommended getting ISO 400 and shooting with the flash all the time unless direct sunlight is involved. im really happy with this!', 'Let me first say that I love ths camera to pieces and I mostly get really good results.', 'BUT I had to send it back and get a new one twice until I got one that worked. First, the wheel would only turn in the wrong direction thus not forwarding the film, and the second time the release button could not be pushed at all.', 'To get good results, always use the flash when in doubt. Use a film with high ISO. 400 is good. Don\'t waste your money on expensive "lomo" films and instead buy the cheap film from drug stores.', "Expired films will often bring out a cool new effect, if you're into that.", 'Be sure to check out the submarine case for near- or underwater use.', 'I just got back my first roll of film shot with my LOMO and i was really really surprised with the results. The pics shot in decent lighting were crisp, cleat, and downright cool looking. I was really plesed with the results I got shooting black and white. I\'ve been taking photos for 46 yrs shooting a variety of cameras and consider myseld a semi-pro. Bottom line with this camera if you expect the same results as shooting medium formator 35mm in a "real" camera or with a decent digital camera forget it. But if you want to have fun shooting "outside the box" give the LOMO Fisheye a try.Its FUN! Film is fun - going back to my roots.', "Pros: It's fun.", '  Filters will thread onto the lens, just be careful - I believe the size it takes is 46mm.', 'Cons: As previously covered occasionaly the film rewind know does pop up and yes it can drag when advancing or rewinding film. be careful and anvance and rewind slowly.', '  Yes the lens cap does pop off - be careful.', 'Bought this for my girl friend awhile back.  it takes some pretty cool photos especially with the water proof case']
page: 5
['This is a great camera and a fun one.', "Just don't leave it out in the sun.", 'I bought this camera not expecting much as I have a Nikon D300 DSLR. But this little camera takes some cool photos. I was very pleased as were my friends with the results. I really like the multiple exposure capability, allows for some very creative compositions. I plan to take it with me on vacation along with the DSLR.', "I really enjoy this camera. It's very unique and small. I am happy with my pruchase. :D", "I, like most people on Amazon, spent a lot of time browsing through other reviews when looking to purchase a fish eye camera.  This one was the perfect starter fish eye to pick! I bought it as a gift, and I was shocked by the quality of the camera itself.  It is very light weight and easy to use.  The design is perfect, and I love how it looks!  I'd tell anyone who is looking through the different models of fish eye cameras to buy this one.  You won't regret it!", "This is a great buy. I didn't really expect such great image quality, in bright sunlight you get great results no matter what speed film you're using. In low light, I strongly recommend a hot shoe flash. I ordered my fisheye 2 with a replacement color splash flash. This combination leads to killer photos. The multiple exposure switch is a great addition, for even more amazing, trippy effects.", '  The cons are size and lens cap. The size of the lens makes it difficult to carry around all the time, though it does fit nicely in a messenger bag. The lens cap is garbage, it falls off all the time, and is made this translucent silicone/rubber(?) material, I wish it was black, because I am quite compulsive and like to hit the shutter at random moments with the cap on. I find that wrapping the strap around the lens cap like a rubber band keeps it on just fine.', '  All around, I still give this camera a 5, because the photos come out great, and its a nice alternative to purchasing the hundred and something dollar fisheye lens for the LC-A', 'I am still trying to get the hang of this camera since I haven\'t used a 35mm in a very long time. Digital is all I have other than this. But taking pictures with it is so much fun. All the different effects and things you can do is great! They can come out absolutely beautiful or upon first glance really crappy, but then you take another look and you think, "That isn\'t so bad. I like how this camera makes things distorted and weird." I love the double exposure where images will overlay and look funky, as well.', "The only thing is the construction is very flimsy, it's all plastic with a little bit of metal (if it's even that) around the frame. It looks like a toy camera a kid could buy in Toys-R-Us... I think it's a little pricey despite the great effects you get with it.", "This camera was everything I was looking for. I didn't think that analog, fisheye cameras even existed. I'm glad to have found this one. It's tons of fun =)", 'I love this camera, it takes awesome pictures and it came in the quality it was described!', 'i would definitely reccomend it.', 'I just try my lomo fisheye2 from Adorama.', "It work great. I'm very happy with it :)", 'This camera is just fun. I loved it so much I bought another one for a friend. Great fun, round images. Best if only used outdoors.']
page: 6
["Great camera. The only thing I don't like about it is that the usually really cool fisheye viewfinder gets cumbersome when taking the camera in and out of my camera bag. Also, the lens cap is a good idea in theory, but it comes off all the time i.e. inside a camera bag, leaving your lens exposed to potential dirt and scratches. The design is nice and it shoots like dream. Light too.", 'Great Camera. Be sure to read the booklet that comes with it for a full understanding of its functions as it works a bit differently than expected and has some really fun features.', "I am still having a hard time getting the film in! That is my only complaint. If you are concerned with every picture turning out and being flattering, bring along a digital. You'll get the hang of what makes a great composition fairly quickly and will LOVE how different the pictures turn-out.", 'Two of my friends have bought this camera after seeing mine', 'I would say that this camera is excellent!!! It creates very funny images. I always carry this camera with another SLR camera. If you love to take shots, you should have this camera.', "you can do really awesome photo effects with it.. the only annoying draw back is that it really only works if the object you're going to photograph is close to the lens.. otherwise you really can't tell there's even a fisheye effect..", 'I really enjoy shooting with this camera. It is easy to use and takes great pictures, just make sure you get really close to your subject. The only problem I have is that it is plastic and after about a month the rewind crank broke off. I called the company and they exchanged it no charge. I am being very careful with my new one. I definitely recommend it.', 'do not buy this. it is poorly made. a cheap piece of junk. was broken right out of the box.', 'Positive:', '1. High production quality.  Well made.  Looks good.  Feels good.', '2. Very interesting camera.  Everyone who sees the camera has questions and everyone who sees the pictures has questions.', '3. Several unique or difficult to find features.  Fish eye lens - usually a very expensive option on other cameras.  "Rear curtain" sync flash - usually only found on very expensive cameras.  "B" setting - not common on view finder cameras.  Double exposure - extremely rare on manual advance cameras.', 'Negative:', 'Because of the location of the built-in flash and the size of the lens, extremely close up flash pictures will contain an annoying shadow caused by the lens housing.  You can avoid this by using a flash mounted in the hot shoe or a lens mounted ring flash.  This is a satisfactory solution because I never use the hot shoe mounted viewer and I prefer to use my ColorSplash flash with this camera anyway.', 'Interesting:', "The top and bottom of the circular image are cut off.  Maybe it would be nicer if the entire image fit within the rectangular frame of the film, but then the picture would be smaller, so this is probably OK.  I usually crop the picture to be square anyway, or possibly crop a rectangular image out of the middle of the circular image, so this isn't really a problem.", 'Overall:', 'I love this camera.  The camera itself is interesting and the pictures it takes are interesting.  It has added lots of variety to my picture taking.', "If you're into artistic photography this is a must-have. It's cheaper than buying a fisheye lens for my cannon rebel and totally worth it. Great fun, high quality for what it is. If you like working with the cameras like the hulga check this out!!", 'CAI GOT EXITED WHEN I GOT IT IN THE MAIL I WAS DISSAPOINTED TO SEE IT WAS A LITTLE FLIMSY AND PLASTIC CAMERA BUT THE LOOK WAS COOL.', 'i IMMEDIATLEY BOUGHT FILM FOR IT AND STARTED SHOOTING I NOW PICS DONT TURN OUT PERFECT BUT I FOUND PICS TAKEN WITHOUT FLASH WAS UGLY AND HORRIBLE. ILL STICK TO FLASH EVERYTIME FROM NOW ON.', '70$ IS A LITTLE MUCH FOR THIS CAMERA BUT IM NOT GOING TO RETURN IT ITS JUST COOL TO HAVE..', 'VERY ARTSY', 'The lomographic camera is really cool for taking specialty pictures.  We received it right before our trip to Hawaii and came back with a lot of unique pictures.', 'In order for the effect of the "fish eye" lens to work properly, you must be EXTREMELY close to the object.  Also, there\'s an effect where you can actually double expose the film to create a "trailing" effect on lights from cars or stars or people...  This item is a fantastic tool for making photographic memories look like a work of art.']
page: 7
["I have had some excellent results with this camera and I have just begun to play around with it.  I have gotten the best results when I shoot in outdoor, sunny conditions, or in still environments where I can use the bulb setting.  When shooting close subjects, be warned that the range finder is way off.  Use it to get an idea of what the shot will look like, but don't look through it to aim the shot.  Just hold the lens in front of your subject from the angle you want.", 'This camera is very cool, and is a fun idea for a gift.', "I had a great time using the original Lomo fisheye. The camera had it's limitations, including the annoying habit of shooting pictures of the inside of your bag while you weren't looking, but overall a workhorse that provided consistent image quality.", 'Having worn that first one out with heavy use, I decided to upgrade to the Lomo Fisheye 2. Tee features, locking shutter button, manual exposure with rear curtain flash, hotshoe!! all the things I covetted. Unfortunately, this model is just not what it could be, especially with the increased cost and SIZE versus slim changes in your average functionality.', "Here's my specific, whining complaints. Most are what I consider design flaws or thoughtlessness that hamper truly effective use of the camera. (I assume others may not be impeded or annoyed by one or all of these issues, but if they haven't been redesigned, these are definite considerations to before purchase.", "1. Film wind crank will not stay folded flush to camera. It is extremely flimsy, especially when taking into account the camera's poor winding action. The crank is going to either snap off in my bag or while winding a roll of film in the near future as it continues to loosen daily.", "2. Lens cap will not stay on the lens. It just falls off, dragged down by the weight of it's cord or pushed off by the slightest contact. There are little tabs on the cap rim that are meant to hook over the BIG, gratuitous, metal lip of the lens body, but the cap itself is too soft and elastic to maintain a grip. My cap is now gone, having been torn off the lanyard somewhere then (my bad) misplaced during a night shoot where I was using the Fisheye to pick up some distinctive wide angles in addition to stard shots on a regular digital SLR.", "3. The lens body got in the way of the flash on the Lomo Fisheye 1 when taking night or inside pictures. Why then make the lens body bigger, adding  seemingly unnecessary, big, metal lip as a design element, further occluding the flash!! Why? To hold the lens cap on? Nearly no one is going to make a hotshoe mounted, full size flash unit their primary flash on this camera. For most it's a point and shoot, made especially enjoyable by it's unique images and instant use-ability. The fun of this camera disappears if you can't carry it easily and use it quickly.", '4. Thanks for the hot shoe!! Great idea. Why not add a tripod mount socket to the base of the camera as well??? That would almost be more useful than the hot shoe with the new manual/buld setting on the shutter (THAT"S A FANTASTIC ADDITION. No complaints there.). Most flashes are going to make this light camera too awkward.', '5. The film winding is constantly too tight causing the gears to frequently  slip while advancing the film. Added pressure on film door back helps. Maybe using film loads of 24 exposures instead of 36 would work better.', '6. Battery use and life has been greatly improved!! Flimsy battery door that can come open in your bag, has not.', '7. Surprisingly, I find the new lens not as sharp on my Fisheye 2 as my earlier Fisheye 1. Too many elements maybe?? Something specific to mine? The sweet spot is not where it was somehow.', 'Lastly, I want to restate, after shooting hundreds of photos on both Fiheye models, I really like these cameras. More images have been shot on my Lomos over the last couple of years than on my digital SLR that cost 20 times as much. I would recommend both Fisheye 1 and 2 to anyone who enjoys serious play with cameras or shooting unique, candid, reportage, or experimental style photographs. Because you are shooting film, you have the ability to make some great blowups. I would though, recommend working with the best film you can afford and processing with a lab that will be attentive to their developing and printing process since the range of exposure accuracy is limited to the speed of film you choose and whether you turn on the flash, or your instinct when playing with log exposures.', 'If you want to carry it in your pocket, get the Fisheye 1.', "That's enough from me.", "great little lomo camera.  i love lomo and this is just one more reason why.  i've found myself not using the detachable viewfinder though, although it is fun to take off the camera and look at the world through it.  carry it around in your pocket--seriously!", 'the camera itself is good quality, seems sturdy.  the image quality will vary with your film, but i have been shooting kodax reala 100 with great results.  the color is amazing.  the fisheye effect is fun and a good way to get yourself out of the "pro" rut that some photographers get in...trying to perfect every picture.  just point and shoot with this one.  the only downside is the fixed aperature and shutter speed.  you need to be aware of what speed your film is and shoot in conditions to match.  i shoot 100 speed, so i can rreally only shoot in bright bright sunlight with this cmaera unless i want to shoot in the bulb setting and get a blurry pic (can be fun also and is a great addition over the fisheye no. 1).  the built in flash is virutally worthless--you always get the "flash specter" on the right side of the photo because the projecting lens gets in the way--get the colorsplash flash to add on.  the hotshoe also works with any flash, so i\'ve even tried out my canon 580ex on it!  the colorsplash\'s size is perfect for this camera.  they go together well.', "in closing, this is just a fun, inexpensive camera that i recommend if you're feeling uninspired lately.  don't expect it to be your only camera though.  also, if you don't have an LC-A Kompakt yet, get one of those first because i just did and I have virtually retired the fisheye bc the LC-A is so great and fun!  yay lomo!", "So after buying and testing the Supersampler, I decided to buy the Fisheye 2 as well. It comes in a very neat, original packaging and to my pleasant suprise, it's even more beautiful in person! The construction is much more decent than the Supersampler's and it has metal all around the camera. The Lens is quite nice, but be careful, it'll scratch easily. The viewfinder is amazing! you really get the fisheye 10mm vision with it.", "I live in Costa Rica where it's always sunny and bright, so I use ASA 100 with this camera and the results are amazing, with a little editing you'll get really good looking, nice quality images. I'll recomend that you develop the roll but instead of printing it right away, ask them to scan the negatives, that way you'll see the shots, do some editing and then print the ones you like, you'll save a lot of money and the results will be better.", "It comes with a rubber lens cap, a little book with fisheye shots and a poster. I'm pleased with it and I highly recomend it!", '[...]']

