page 201
[]
page 202
["perfect! exactly what i wanted! just wish film wasn't so expensive!", "I recently signed up for Amazon Prime Now, which had become available in my locale. This morning I was just playing with the iPhone app and by chance saw this for sale, so I just ordered it. After all, I have been missing the good ol' days of Polaroid instants.", 'It was delivered within the promised delivery window, along with some extra film packs. I popped in the included 2 AA batteries and a film pack. (Film pack is not included in the standard package.) The power button is actually a len extension lever button in the front, located next to the lens. Pushing the button extends out the lens and powers on at the same time. There\'s a very small optical viewfinder. Focus appears to be the .6m to infinity focus-free type. Exposure is a bit weird and annoying: there\'re five indicators on the lens itself - indoor, cloudy, partly cloudy, sunny, and "hi-key." The instruction sheet gives you the corresponding F stops. Obviously indoor uses a slow F stop, with Hi-Key using a even slower stop to let in extra light which results in a highly exposed picture.', "What's annoying is to get the correct exposure, you must point the lens at your subject, then observe which indicator light is lid, then turn the lens to that light. Two problems: 1. when you look at the indicator lights, you're going to hold the camera different than when you frame your shot, so the indicator may have changed - this is a really dumb design. 2. you may simply forget to turn the lens to the right exposure. Why Fujifilm implemented such a dumb system, is beyond me.", "Luckily, the exposure doesn't appear to do much to the end product, which is your instant photo. The flash is on for every picture - so be sure you don't use this in an environment where flash is prohibited. You must use the Instax mini film packs; they also make other packs such as the wide type which cannot fit inside this model.", 'After pressing the shutter which is located on the front of the camera "beneath" the viewfinder (if you hold the camera vertically), out pops the Polaroid-style photo from the top of the camera (if you hold it vertically). Development seems to take much longer than I remember with Polaroids. I have timed the process: 30 seconds to any hint of image appearing, and a full 2 minutes to a decently developed photo, and 5 minutes for the development to settle. I remember (of course I could be wrong about this) I was able to get a Polaroid photo within 1 minute of taking the picture.', 'Speaking of Polaroid, your photos will look just like the old Polaroids, but perhaps with slightly better contrast. The film itself is rated ISO 800 so there is not much in way of resolution. The camera does tend to over-expose. Coupled with the always-firing flash, pictures tend to come out with lots of highlights, which does make most of us look more attractive than with a real camera.', 'In the end, this is a "novelty" item that uses a technology that went back to the 60s and matured in the 70s. I have to say while I\'m having a lot of fun with it (here\'s someone who takes close to 30,000 digital photos every year), I\'m disappointed the technology has not improved, and may have come out worse in terms of film-processing speed.  I just hope the photos don\'t fade as fast as the old Polaroids.', "I'm going to order an accessory kit to add to the functionality. Going to Disney World next week with a bunch of old friends. Hopefully this will add some interesting fun to the trip. Since each film pack comes with only 10 films, I will have to load up on the film. BTW the film packaging warns you not to run these through X-ray machines.", "I love this camera! It's pretty lightweight and easy to use. The only thing that made me slightly disappointed is that the color shown in the image is more pink than what the actual product looks like. It's a more of a washed out reddish pink.", 'Never got it to work.', "I'm really really iupset because I've replaced the batteries multiple times, followed the directions and have tried multiple different film cartridges but it never turned on!", 'cant wait to take pics', 'Love this little toy. Bought this for my gf as a gift and she loved it. The picture quality is good as a polarized camera. No other complains. Satisfied!', 'Love it ! Great Conditions!', "I bought this for a photo booth at a small carnival. It was a HUGE hit. Easy to use and load film. I'm very happy with my purchase.", 'Love it! Takes amazing pictures', "So I purchased this camera since it looked cool. But when I received it the camera would not turn on even with the compatible film. Then I bought a second one in pink, the film exploded with ink. What a horrible product. Rip off, don't buy."]
page 203
['Easy to use. Automatic lighting sensor tells you which of the 4 settings to use. Love it!', 'Adorable fun camera! Works great and speedy shipping!', 'Fast shipping, got here a day before than expected. Really amazing price too, will definitely come back here if I ever buy another.', "Cute camera at such an affordable price . Can't wait for my daughter to see her Christmas Present.", 'Its great', "I bought as a Christmas gift for my daughter - she hasn't used it yet.  She is very excited about this!", "BEST camera ever! It's a cool new instant camera, and it works like a charm!  There isn't anything that I would say bad about it!", "I'm not sure how I feel about this item. It came in very dirty, red stains along the front cover of where you put the film. Some type of ink dark black stain near the top of the camera. A little bit of brown stains. Poorly packaged, everything was just stuffed in there along with user manual and guide.  was buying this as a gift hoping the box was at least decent looking. But then again it was clearly stated that the box wasn't looking new I give them that. But over all I feel as if the box was more discriptive it's self than the actual product.", "I thought I would use this camera all the time.  I was afraid of the cost of the film because of how much I was going to use it... nope.  It's a great idea for young children or for a party.  Not so much if you're a grown adult that has a job and can afford a real camera or if you own a smartphone.", "The picture quality is ok.  It's reminiscent of the old style poloroids from the 80s.  The thing is that like movies and tv, cameras have gotten better.  Much much better.  So don't be shocked if you can't really make out the details of a picture you took of your kids 20 feet away.", "Also take a look at the size of the pictures.  It's a lot smaller than the old style poloroids about half the size.", "This being said.  My children really like this camera.  I think because they were born to a time where we have automatic sensor lights in our house and Amazon's Echo tells us answers to whatever we ask it.  They have no idea what a land line phone is and TV has always been high def.  So a poloroid camera is a novelty and the manual process of producing a picture is like magic to them.  They can have a picture on paper (and not on the camera where they live).  I can see kids up to 12 really getting a kick out of this.  So the kid in me is giving this 4 stars.  If you have money to burn then buy this product.", 'Good one']
page 204
[]
page 205
[]
page 206
[]
page 207
["Oh my gosh! I love this camera, I'm taking it with me everywhere!!! I bought 50 sheets of film but I honestly don't think it's enough haha! Probably going to buy a lot more next paycheck! Love this camera, the pictures are small but they are really cute, the pictures take about less than 3 minutes to fully process, this camera is adorable and so worth it! Considering they sell these for way more! My package came perfectly, nothing wrong with it, came with batteries, it did take a while for it to come though but it was worth the wait!", 'Great item', 'Thanks its very good and the delivery fast', 'Great', 'Love it', 'Excelent product', 'My daughter purchase this for her birthday and i believe its a perfect little gift for a 12 year old, its super fun to take when she is hanging out with her friend. Perfect memories. She put them on the back of her case or on her walls.', 'Good product. My friend bought this and I wanna buy one.', 'This looked so beautiful. I love it.', 'Love it! Everything works and looks perfect! Ordered more for my family. friends love it too!']
page 208
[]
page 209
["got mine in today & I am so excited to use it! I won't give it 5 stars because it should at least come with 10 photo films to get started.", 'My sister loves this! Definitely brings you back to the golden days and we love that you get the picture instantly! The pictures are clear and everything is extremely easy to use.', 'Bought this for a Bridal Shower so the Bride could get a cute book with all her photos in them. Everyone at the party loved it. Huge hit. I will definitely be using it more.', 'I really like it.', 'The camera works great.', "Gr daughter loved the blue camera. The blue mudder camera case fit the camera perfectly. She couldn't have been happier.", 'No selfie mirror as clearly stated - angered.', 'It is one of the things that I want to buy.', 'I like this one. It seems good!', 'really beautiful']
page 210
['I really want to get one.', 'Lovely color,just I like.', 'I like It !', 'So beautiful camera. I love it. I want to give it a try.', u"My daughter loves it. She's very happy with the camera.\U0001f600", u"It's such a great camera, definitely recommend it \U0001f60a. The pictures come out so clear and nice \U0001f44c\U0001f3fc.  It would be an awesome gift for anyone", 'I love this camera. I\'d never been into photography (and still aren\'t that interested in it, to be honest!) but this camera makes me enjoy taking pictures very much. I carry it everywhere I go so thank goodness it\'s light weight. The only downside is that the film is quite expensive for how little you get in each box ($10-$12 for 10 sheets). Some of the reviews of this camera say that the pictures don\'t come out well, but I haven\'t had any problems with mine; the colours come in crisp (keep in mind that these pictures are supposed to look "vintage") and develop very quickly. I also saw some reviews saying how paper jamming is frequent, but I\'ve had my camera for over a month and I\'ve used it at least once almost every day since purchase, and mine hasn\'t jammed at all. I get so many compliments on how cute this camera is, so I definitely recommend it!', 'Perfect', u"My favorite camera ever! i ordered it in the color Raspberry and it's super cute (\xb0\u25e1\xb0\u2661)", "It's a great lil camera"]
page 211
["I got the camera this past Thursday. It kept taking pictures in complete whiteness. I've adjusted the setting and everything. Even taken the batteries out and the polaroid film and still kept taking those white pictures.", 'Great to use for children\'s parties!  Instant photos for the kids - and you don\'t have to worry about getting any approval from parents as the kids take home their pics.  Love the "pink" color!  Easy to use...', 'my granddaughter loves it-big hit with her friends', 'This camera is always the center of the party!', 'I bought this for my daughter on her birthday. I really like how it looks and what it does. The quality of photos are amazing. What i really like about this is its price, quite cheaper than the other polaroid camera.', 'I bought this camera for my daughter and she loves it! No issues to report yet. Although, I do think the product does seem a little fragile. Handle with care..', 'xmas gift', 'Great camera', 'My sister loved it ^_^ I bought it for her birthday.', 'I consider myself an intermediate photographer, and I found it so unfortunate that once I got into photography, Polaroids were a thing of the past. I was so stoked to learn that a new generation of instant camera is so present on the market now!', "I got my camera a few days ago and I've already gone through two packs of film. This is my new favorite thing!", "The controls are easy to understand, there's a little bit of a learning curve, but that's very small. Four shots, and this camera is now easy-peasy.", "I highly recommend this to novice and professional photographers a like. It's a fun little toy to have, and is well worth the price of the films."]
page 212
['Bought this as a gift for my friend and she loved it', "I have ALWAYS wanted a camera like this & I love anything that comes in pink. This soft, light pink is so gorgeous & very close to the color of my bedroom. I'm so happy that this came with a wrist strap too. I almost ordered one separately, but glad I didn't. This camera is so easy to use & absolutely adorable. I'm getting tired of all my special moments being electronic, so I want moments I can keep forever. The strap can be put on either side, which is handy. It also has adjustments for each type of lighting. The photo shown was on a super dark, rainy day, so I was happy that our cat actually showed up & was of good quality. Overall, this is an amazing purchase & I couldn't be happier :)", "This little camera is so much fun!! I had purchased it for photos while we travel. And ended up using it for our wedding. They aren't the higest quality but I think that's a bit of the charm!! Film is expensive but worth it if you can afford t for special trips and memories!", "Very nice camera! I absolutely love it and I'm so glad i got it; I already took ten pictures with it!", 'This was my plan B for my wedding reception photo booth. Great product. Easy to use. The kids enjoyed hearing how this was a way we took photos in the old days. I am so glad I bought this and the extra film.', 'I bought it for my 12 year old daughter and she loves it!!!!! Nice pictures and very fun!!!!!', 'super cute and easy to use camera', 'It is no longer working. Can i send it back???', "Exactly what I was looking for.  I'd absolutely order again.  It was easy to use and easy to refill.", "I bought this for my daughter's birthday.  It was a hit at the party.  It was something she really wanted and it works great."]
page 213
["Works great but the function in the lense to change the lighting is broken. Can't always trust the picture will turn out great because of this.", 'works greaaaaaat', 'love this camera!!', "This was such a hit at my sister's wedding! The camera is great. Photo quality is great and the size is perfect for me. However, the photo paper is expensive if u use it a lot.", 'It was a gift for my granddaughter  She loves it!', "Got this as a present for my sister. She LOVES it. The pictures are super cute, it's very lightweight and portable, and the instructions are pretty clear.", 'As described', 'Granddaughters 11th birthday gift. Said it was her best birthday gift ever!', "Color looks nothing like the photo. It's almost orange in color. We returned for the light pink one.", "So much fun!! Bought this for a party and now my nephew thinks I'm magic because I have a camera that prints pictures automatically! And to think, this was just the norm a while back!"]
page 214
['photos are the size of a credit card', 'So far great camera', "perfect for my scrapbooking.  bought this one for my boyfriend's mother, who's also a scrapbooker", 'Bought this camera for my wife. She really loves it. She especially likes to use it for taking passport like photos for the girl scouts.', "It doesn't really focus for up-close pictures, so I bought detachable selfie lens that supposedly fixes that. I haven't quite figured out how to use it yet because all the instructions are in Chinese. It comes with two AA batteries (appreciated) and a countdown to let you know how many shots are left. Wish it held more than 10 photos at a time! It supposedly has different settings for indoor versus outdoor photos, but for the life of me I cannot figure out if this can take photos without flash yet. The flash always seems to go off, which makes it hard to get photos if you're near any reflective surfaces. That said, it is really satisfying to hold an actual photo in your hands right after taking it. The color is cute too. It feels a little on the cheap side but I got it for $50 so can't complain! The exposure button is a little close to the aperture to be careful or your fingertip will appear in the corner of every photo.", 'Enjoyable for that teen!', 'Awesome and fun!', 'my little sister loved it and ran around taking pictures all night', 'Our granddaughter is enjoying her new camera.', 'I love my camera great for capturing moments recommend you buy']
page 215
[]
page 216
[]
page 217
['EXCELLENT', "Instant film cameras were all the rage back when I was a kid, so I thought it would be so fun to try one again now. I took this to my friend's party and we had a blast! It was a great throwback to childhood and provided us with lots of great, dumb pictures.", 'The camera color is awesome. This was a birthday gift & our daughter loves it!', 'Perfect for elementary school kids.', 'Love my camera! So cute and easy to use. Package came fast, on time, and in perfect condition', 'I love this camera! It is extremely easy to use. The photo paper is pretty pricey but it is definitely worth it!', 'Great camera! Takes great pictures and is really fun!  Would highly recommend!', 'Great for instant photos at our wedding! Love the small size. Photo quality not the same as film camera, but love the retro look!', 'Cool', "Gave this camera as a gift for my best friend's birthday and she absolutely loved it! It is well built and easy to use. I like the matte black, it looks very sleek."]
page 218
[]
page 219
['I love it', 'its nice to have a hard copy.', 'Awesome! Got this for my daughter for her birthday.  She loves it. It is super easy to use and the camera has settings that help it take the best pictures depending on the light.  Thank you!', 'Very easy to use camera but I wish they had made this with zoom possibilities. When I take pictures it is definitely like old school where you cannot focus and you are literally just looking through the viewfinder to take your picture.', "This is the perfect camera! I absolutely adore it!! If you are iffy about buying, don't! It's completely worth it!!", 'Super fun for special events. The photos come out great.', 'Give me lots of fun . Very good~', "I absolutely love this camera!!!!! My pictures come out great and it's easy to use. I highly recommend this camera :)", 'Such a fun camera!  Pictures come out very vintage feeling.  So much fun to have little shots of your kids, family and friends.  My little one really loves watching the pictures come and waiting for them to expose.  Blast from the past fun!', 'Vintage and nice. Good for party to give the photos to the people right away. Photo size is a little small but good enough.']
page 220
['I bought this for a gift so we will see how it works when I give it to my granddaughter.', "Was everything i wanted.  My girlfriend doesn't stop using it.  These pictures are alot of fun.", 'Bought one of these for my friends birthday and she loves it. I also got one for my birthday in baby blue and the pictures come out great.', 'I was so excited to order this after My cousin told me that she recieved one for her birthday .. It was delivered fast and came with the film I ordered, great camera easy to use not too big no complaints besides the film and the size of the photos were too small for me , so I returned and ordered the wide camera will write a review there once i recieve it in the mail', "I didn't realize how many Polaroids it eats up and I'm very unsure despise very vague directions on how to use the settings. I bought the little rabbit lens I have no idea What the thing does", 'The camera is cute but I feel like it gets dirty easily.', "Disappointed in the camera. Since we have gotten it we have snapped 58 photos of which 12 are worth keeping. The camera preset settings do not work as stated and in the process of returning. It's to bad, I bought this camera based on reviews.", 'I bought these for an adult "halloween" party, people ranged from 21-65+.. we had a blast, great photos, a bit small, so if you\'re looking for that "old polaroid" kinda 4x6 this is not the camera for you.. the photos are like 2x3 and the border takes up a bit of the frame. the good news is that the film is relatively inexpensive, compared to the "real" polaroid film that is still available..nostalgic, hip and quit surprisingly, even NEW to some people!!', 'How quick we are to forget...the film takes a few minutes to actually "expose", people of the iPhone age can\'t relate.. they had a blank stare and many asked what they did wrong..or they\'d stare in amazement from the film rising from the camera..hilarious!! ANYHOW', "I'm passing off to my children for a bit, but I'm definitely borrowing them for the next party!", "I purchased this gift for  my daughter's 15th birthday and she absolutely loved it...it had different pic modes and one of them makes the pic look like the old school Polaroid cameras. ..it was worth every penny", 'Love it']
page 221
[]
page 222
['It takes amazing pictures with that vintage feel to it. Super adorable, easy to use. Arrived on time. If your looking for a way to keep those moments that you treasure then this is the camera for you!!', u'It just came in today. It is perfect \U0001f60d', 'Very good buy !!!!', 'I love this camera so much', 'I like it', u'Worked perfectly \U0001f380', 'Purchased as gift for my sister. She loves it! It works well.', 'love the camera but the film can get a little pricy, I recommend getting a 50 pack because its so easy to run out of film with this fun little camera!', "DON'T EVEN THINK TOO MUCH ABOUT IT. GET IT!!! all the colors are darling and they work amazing it's hard to stop taking pictures.", 'The size is perfect, the color is too.', "Remember first put the batteries in AND THEN (don't turn it on) put the film in, line the yellow stripes. Close it turn it on. The first picture won't be a picture but the cover of the film, it'll be black . Don't panic! The next pic should be the actual Polaroid.", "The hi-key settings is for pictures that you want to turn out washed out, like white so don't use this outside in a sunny day! Use it in a dark environment.", u'For cheapness, buy film in large quantities! Not a single 10 film packet \U0001f645', " Also you should buy sticker frames instead of cute films! Its way way cheaper but that's up to you!", 'Enjoy it and have fun!', 'This is even prettier in person. It is a great gift and way better price than in stores.']
page 223
['What is this yellow spot on my pictures ? It went from having a yellow discolouration to now just coming out plain white', 'thx', "My favorite purchase on Amazon so far! It takes a little bit of playing with the settings and how far away you can be to get a good shot, but once you know what lighting works, you're good to go. The different colored frames on other film packs are super adorable too.", 'Love this, I take pictures of mostly my boyfriend and I. I really like have instant photos instead of phone pics, besides the waiting is fun', 'I love it!! I just wish film was cheaper and came with more', 'Thanks it is fantastic', 'IN LOVE WITH IT', 'I love my Polaroid camera takes super cute fotos but u have to make sure when u taking the pictures you move it a little to the right after you center your shot.', 'So glad I bought this camera. I take it with me everywhere and always get compliments on it.', 'Love love love!!!']
page 224
['I gave this as a gift to my younger sister and she absolutely loves this camera. She takes it every where! It is totally worth the money, and the pictures come out amazing!', 'Fun!', 'Had to return it cause I wanted the white one instead but the camera is so much fun! Loved the way the photos turn out once they print out!', 'Amazing Camera and so fun to use!  However the first time it was dropped it broke.  I did buy the warranty plan, so just waiting now to see how that plays out...', 'Super easy to use, cool looking photos and the purple is nice and vibrant. Great product for teens and adults alike. Took it out of the box and was snapping photos in the matter of minutes. I was deciding between this and the more expensive version, so happy with my choice!', 'My daughter is very pleased with this camera.  Just wish that the picture films were less expensive!!!', 'Perfect Thank you', 'great pics love it fast easy to take and fun', 'I love my camera! Learn how to use the settings though, otherwise your photos could be completely blown out or way too dark.', 'Bought this for my girlfriend before we went on a road trip. She absolutely loved it and her folks did too. They were surprised to see a film camera, let alone something like this. Takes amazing photos that you can keep just about anywhere.']
page 225
['Love my New camera and it takes wonder pictures', 'Love it', 'camera came in and we are enjoy that also', "I usually hate secret santa's until i got this awesome camera that is! So easy to use and always the life of the party!", "I LOVE THIS SO MUCH! My boyfriend got this as an early birthday present for me and I luuuurrrrve it so much. I haven't had any problems with film or anything. I've only taken three pictures because the film is pricey but otherwise it's great!", 'My favorite purchase this year... Great for scrapbooking', 'Easy to use and take clear photos', 'Amazing deal. Amazing product. I have two', 'Fun camera and love having instant pictures when I want them', 'Delivery was on time (which is always a plus), and the product was in perfect condition! I love love love this camera, especially since I have a LO, this captures such awesome moments with her :)']
page 226
['An amazing device! Super cute, got as gift for my sister and she loves it! Easy to use and makes beautiful photos!', 'Overall a cute little camera, great for using to take candid photos for collages or scrapbooking.', 'This is a fun throwback to bring to parties and take drunk pics and put them on the persons refrigerator then take pictures of the pictures the next morning so they can be properly uploaded to Facebook.', 'Great gifts at affordable prices.', u'\U0001f60d\U0001f44f\U0001f3fc', 'Good', "Was disappointed to find that the entire packaging, instructions, etc were in Chinese/Japanese. This product was intended for purchase in Asia, not the US. The product works great but the batteries did not. They didn't work at all.", 'A++++++++', 'Came in great condition! Thnak you so much! i love it!', 'Hands down, the best gift for teen you know, be it a niece, cousin, friend, babysitter, neighbor, scrapbooker, etc. For me, kids between the ages of 10 and 20 can be so difficult to shop for. But even with Facebook and Instagram, kids love actual photographs of themselves and friends. Without fail, a Fujifilm Instax Mini Instant Film Camera in their favorite color is always an instant hit.']
page 227
['my new favorite thing! I feel I will be so creative with this camera!', 'Perfect everything!!', 'Love the camera and use it all the time.', 'I LOVE THIS!!!', "SO. MUCH. 80's FUN!!! This is a blast, and the pictures are really unique & remind me of when I was a kid! My girls love taking pictures, and, while the pictures themselves are a little spendy, I think it is totally worth it, and have framed quite a few....it makes me smile every time I walk by the tiny pics hung up in the hallway!", 'Great stuff!', 'Love this!!! Super easy and fun for INSTANT gratification. Plus so cute to decorate your room or car with the pictures.', 'very good product from Fuji as always', "Works perfectly it's amazing.", 'works well.  film can be kind of expensive but fun product nonetheless.  my girlfriend loves it']
page 228
['Bought this for my daughter and she loves it.', 'My granddaughter loved her little camera, though I was disappointed that it did not come with one packet of film, just the camera itself.  Fortunately, I had also purchased extra film, so she was not disappointed with her gift.', "I'd think a product obviously aimed at children would include at least a little film so they could use the camera immediately.", "My boyfriend bought me this camera and I think it is adorable. It's really lightweight and i thought it was pretty simple to get started. All you have to do it put the batteries in and load the pack of film and you're ready to go. The only reason I didn't give it a full five stars is because the photos are really small, maybe about the size of a credit card or so. Still, the quality is beautiful and operating the camera is simple. It even detects the appropriate lighting setting for you.", 'LOVE THIS CAMERA!', "Awesome! It is seriously the best thing ever and we'll worth the cost. It comes with batteries and it works good. I would suggest getting accessories it just makes it more cool also buy lots of extra film :)", 'Very nice and cute :) I would recommend', "I love this camera! It takes cute little instant pictures, and I'm glad that I can get film for it right at Walmart. This is inexpensive and awesome.", 'Love it!', "We've got this for our 13 yrs old daughter- because she begged for it :) She is happy with it. The photo quality is not perfect but she likes hanging them around. I'd expect a little larger photos, they're very tiny. Arrived on time, no damage or broken pieces.", 'excellent']
page 229
["I purchased the yellow Instax Mini 8, along with a accessorie package. The camera itself is absolutely WONDERFUL. I've taken several photos, and all of them have came out amazing. For a older style camera, the quality of the photos are excellent. After reading many, many reviews on this product I decided to buy it, and this is probably one of my greatest buys! I definitely recommend it. Soon I'll be purchasing this camera in different colors. 10/10", 'fun to use', "I love this camera, it works well inside the house. I've tried many times to take pictures outside and if it is a cloudy day the pictures look washed out. I couldn't fully see myself it was almost blurry. I'm still testing it out, but inside the house works best.", 'Cool!!', 'It was blood gold! Takes damn good photos.', 'it was for my daughter ...its ok for a while ..she got bored', 'It was amazing. Came right on time for my birthday.', 'My daughter just loves it!!!!', 'Perfect', 'My 10year old daughter loved this birthday gift.  We first saw it at a wedding set up for a photo booth.  It looks elegant, is incredible easy to use and is super cute. Instant gratification and the photos are pretty good quality...']
page 230
['A+', "Awesome little camera with super cute instant photos. Amazon's delivery with this item was flawless and I could not be more happy to have been able to take pictures at my cousin's wedding since the camera came right on time!", 'Got it in the grape colour, which is exactly the colour you would expect. Takes great photos, really clear and the colours are quite vibrant also.', "It didn't come with even one film, which would be bad if you bought somebody this without any spares. And the films are a little bit expensive too, but not nearly as expensive as the polaroid Sheets!", "Absolutely love this camera, takes great pictures. Didn't realize how much I missed point, shoot, and print cameras! So far this product is exactly what we are looking for! Going to use it for our wedding instead of hiring someone to do a photo booth for a ton of $$$", 'This is a really cool camera, the photos taken print out right away and look like old school photos so they are not clear like any other picture. The size is nice for this kind of camera, the pictures are kind of small but as advertised. Lighting is a bit of an issue, it does not perform well in dark places and the instructions leave much o be desired.', 'Very nice camera. Great quality!!!', 'This little camra is so fun and amazing!  We bought it for our 14 year old daughter so she could capture some memories at Disneyland. She had so much fun with it. Took really great pictures and just fun to have!', 'Love how I can take a picture and print it instantly', u"I had wanted a Polaroid since I was 6 yrs old and I'm SO happy to finally have one. I love the picture quality, you don't even need instructions it's so simple to you. I'm absolutely obsessed with it. Couldn't possibly be happier\U0001f49b", 'They are soooo cute!']
page 231
[]
page 232
['Bought for a party and it was a blast! I posted the photos on my fridge with small magnets and they still make me laugh every time I pass. Made me feel nostalgic for the 80s/90s.', "It's a nice camera for getting instant photos. I am not so thrilled about the quality of the prints, but that could be contributed to getting familiar with using the right settings under different conditions.", 'Got in on time, love it!!', 'Came fast also easy directions and the pictures always come out great.', 'I love it.', "Such a fun camera to use! It is simple and easy to use, too! The film is reasonable. It serves it's purpose well. If you want an inexpensive, instant camera . . . this is the one to buy!! I used it for a wedding reception for guests to leave a photo and message for the bride & groom.", 'Great camera.  works great and takes fun pictures', 'Awesome camera GF loved it!', 'Awesome', 'Like a lot']
page 233
['so cute! for those perfect memories.', 'really good! Fun to use. I would suggest buying some white electrical tape and placing it over the flash, this will prevent your pictures from being flushed out, because the flash is really strong on this camera.', 'Takes good pics, but sometimes depending on the lighting, even when you specifically set it automatically goes back to what it senses??? Wouldn\'t be a big deal except the film gets expensive and since there\'s only 10pics per roll, it\'s a bummer when you specifically set it and it switches to auto mode and faces turn out way "whiter"...', 'My granddaughter loved it.', 'I love the Fujifilm Instax Mini so far. Really easy to use and awesome picture quality.', "It's just the right size, cute, color as shown in the picture and my friend absolutely loved it! It's adorable and a great gift for anyone who wanted a Polaroid. The delivery also came on time and in perfect condition.", 'Super fun to have.  Cheaper online than michaels.', 'I love my fujifilm instax excellent camera for quick and cute pictures!', 'I love it!', u'A favorite gift of my granddaughter on Her eighth Bday.\U0001f382']
page 234
[]
page 235
['Took it on vacation to OBX and everyone enjoyed it. It was a little blast from the past. It was left outside over night and a thunderstorm rolled through. I took the film and batteries out and let it dry for ~24 hours and it worked like a charm afterwards. Anyone looking to have fun and not worried about the candid photos they will get will enjoy this camera a lot. I see this being a big hit at get togethers and the once in awhile moments that you want to keep close to you.', 'The battery cover is loose and always falls off.', 'Super fun camera!  Really love it!  Have taken loads of great photos with a "vintage feel" indoors, but still haven\'t figured out the settings for outdoors.  Adjusted the exposure several times, but so far photos have come out overexposed.  Will keep trying!', 'Takes great photos vintage style', 'I puchased it for a nine-year old girl and she loved it!  It is easy to use and the raspberry color made a big hit, too!', 'My daughter loves it', 'Amazing', "Bought this for my husband's niece as a high school graduation gift, along with a few packs of film. She was thrilled to get it.", 'Bought this for a roadtrip.  Easy to use.  Really enjoyed having instant photos to put into my travel journal each day.  We were traveling in the desert so some photos were a bit over-exposed even when the light meter was set on the highest level, but I kinda like the blown out look.  I did forget to check the meter on several occasions and totally ruined those pictures.  You definitely have to train yourself to adjust the settings first!', 'I was in LOVE with this.', 'But after 3 weeks it stopped changing settings. I would turn it but the light would just stay on the home picture. But it really is amazing as long as it works.']
page 236
["This camera is amazing! pictures look very neat and vintage! I'm using it to make a photo album for my baby, but I think it can be use for anything. I highly recommend it. I got the cherry color and it's nice, I which it was more reddish but is still nice.", 'The directions are absolutely inscrutable.', 'Great instax camera. Great when you need a picture now!', u"I love this camera. It's quick and easy to use. The only down side is if you take pictures outside and it is already dark, you have to be pretty close to the camera for the flash to work-- otherwise you're left out of the picture. I got this camera for an anniversary present from my fianc\xe9. He did all of the research and picked it out. I can honestly say that if I would've had to choose my own camera (instead of receiving this as a surprise), I would've picked this same one. The pictures are great quality and the camera is sturdy. I couldn't be more excited and happy with this.", 'I purchased this camera as a gift for my niece. I was really impressed to see how great this camera works, even though it looks kind of cheap manufacturing. Dont get me wrong, the design is really nice and iteorks excellent. I am happy to see this type of picture taking back. I think that you can aleays appreciate a picture tgat yiu can actually feel and touch more than digital. The quality of the pictures that come from this camera are very nice.', 'Great quality', "I love this camera. I saw this on my favorite Korean tv show and was hoping they sold this here in the USA. I am so glad it is available on Amazon. It takes great pictures and they are the perfect size to store on my homemade frames and on the refrigerator. It is great for when I take to the zoo and want to capture memorable moments. I've taken some pictures of other people and gifted it to them, it was great. Good thing the film is not too expensive because I always want to take pictures with this. The strap is great to transport the camera wherever you go/.", "Well-built. Lovely color. I've tested it and it works... Except for the lights on the high-key dial: I would change the setting, but the option I select would not light up.", 'my favorite color and favorite instant camera!', "Love this camera I can't wait to buy more."]
page 237
['best camera ever!', "I'm having a terrible time with my camera! none of the pictures are coming out on any setting in any different lighting! I'm frustrated! I'm pretty sure i wasted my money!", 'Love this camera. SO CUTE!', 'Purchased this for my child as a birthday present. She loves this camera. The pictures are the size of a credit card and has pretty good quality. We love the instant gratification you get.  I would recommend this product for adults and children, very easy to use.', 'My daughter loves it.', "It's perfect for my wedding!", 'A fun version of the classic polaroid, great colors. Easy to use.No zoom, very simple', u'I love it \U0001f495', "I love my camera, it came on time and nothing was broken or damaged. the box didn't have any dents when I got it. It shipped on time and I'm really happy with the product.", 'Great price! My teens love this camera']
page 238
['its soooooooooo cute and soo cool :D', 'Bought this so I could take pictures during family reunions and have an actual physical copy of them instead of just looking through facebook. The pictures I took were great! This camera is definitely worth buying', "It's aiight. Fun, but don't expect a digital shot, ya'll.", 'Perfect', 'It work great, excellent quality and arrived super fast! Super happy with it', 'I am so glad I purchased this camera. I debated it for months and finally gave in. It was worth the cost in my opinion. I wish the film was cheaper. It is a little bulkier than I had expected. I enjoy it.', "I'm not into stuff like this. But my girlfriend is super trendy and hipster and she loves it!", 'She loves it.', "I LOVE THIS CAMERA! IT'S VERY CUTE AND STYLISH AND DOES THE JOB.", "It's okay"]
page 239
['cool stuff', "These cameras are great! We ordered two, and one the selfie mirrors... used then at my daughter's wedding reception. Very fun idea, and not that expensive.", 'Nice  product and  the  quality is  excellent , recommended', "I am a little upset and wanted to share with all of you why real quick. I was so excited to get this awesome camera and start taking some cool polaroid pics to hang on my wall!  Unfortunately, all of the pictures I have taken have come out blurry.  I am not sure if I just received a slightly defective one or if this is a common problem so don't completely write it off.  I have tried it on all the settings with multiple sets of film over a few weeks but there has been no improvement.  It's just a little disappointing because I was so close ya know?  like the composure is great and the settings all work great but everything is just too blurry to be able to look at every picture and be happy with it.  Anyways, hopefully no one else runs into this problem and make sure to take good care of it! ( really wish I could buy another one...maybe in a couple months.) Hope this helps...", 'Awesome camera. Came in two days in really good conditions. Camera was a little darker than the picture that was fine. This camera is small and cute. Love it!', 'I adore this camera, the only mild drawback is that the film can get pretty expensive but that is alright because it is an awesome way to take pictures. No editing, just pure picture taking. I adore the color as well.', 'fast shipping, great price', 'At time! Good!', 'Bought it for sister in-law as a graduation gift. She loved it!', 'love it']
page 240
['love it awesome', "The film isn't cheap, but the novelty is worth it. A lot of fun for any age. I wish it used Instax Wide film instead of Mini for bigger prints.", 'This camera has zero low-light functionality unless your subject is less than a few meters away. Tried to capture a picture at twilight, but it came out completely black lol.', "I purchased this one because it came with a pack of film. The photos so far have come out really washed out. I hope it's an issue with the film and not the camera. The camera has fun accessories (purchased seperate) and is really easy to use.", 'Bought two of these. Returned both because their electronics are lacking.  Put in film (film is expensive) and a battery.  Camera takes 10 pictures by itself.  You don;\'t even have to press any buttons-it continues shooting - it\'s self focusing and self shooting even though you can\'t use any of the "pictures."', 'Then when you return it, Amazon charges a restocking fee to restock a worthless item.', "Don't think so.  Cute when it works but you might not need the hassle.", 'Ordered this for my daughters 13th birthday. She loves the camera and has found it very easy to use. The film is fairly affordable, but not so much when a 13 year old girl takes pics of everything in sight the first couple days. I would highly recommend this product.', "LOVEEEEEEE IT! IT'S AMAZING IN EVERY WAY!  BUY IT! !! YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!!!", 'Great camera that takes great instant photos!', 'great', 'Fun and works great', "I use this camera as a fun party tool and all around good time product. The photos come out clear and people love to see themselves. Last time I took it to work on New Year's Eve and took photos of my office mates to show what they looked like at the last day of 2014. It was a hit. I have no problems with this little babe."]
page 241
["This is such a GREAT camera!!! A great camera for a great price. I've only taken one picture, and I am SO IMPRESSED! Before buying this camera however, consider the cost of film. Film is expensive! For 50 pictures it cost about $47 dollars. >_<", 'Amazing!!', "I absolutely loved it! I wasn't able to be at my place when it got delivered and they came the next day which I think is the best! Oh and camera is very cute(:", "Love this camera but color is more A tangerine then raspberry. Sent back and got the grape it's perfect!", u"It said it came wit films but it doesn't\U0001f595\U0001f3fc\U0001f44e\U0001f3fd", 'Lovely little camera. Just like the classic Polaroids of the 90s. Highly recommend.', "Bought this as a gift for my step-daughter.  She was very happy about it.  She doesn't use it as much as anticipated though because of having to purchase film.  From what I saw, the quality of the pictures was really good.", "haven't used this yet. It will be a Christmas gift for my daughter.  It's very pretty, so I hope it works well.", 'Fabulous camera for making personalized cards.', 'Perfect']
page 242
['Excelent Product', 'Works great, just like description! Fun and easy to use! Love my new pictures!', 'Now I can make memories in an instant!', "I got this new but when I tried to change the light exposure setting, it didn't work. It was kind of lame", 'Wonderful!!!! I LOVE THIS CAMERA AND THE QUALITY IS PERFECT', 'Takes excellent pictures!!!  love it!!!', 'This was a fun item at a big party.  I used this along with some photo booth props also purchase on Amazon.  Fun, memorable photos created at an instant at the party. You can take 2 shots:  keep one and the other give to your friends.', "I really love it!! It works great, came fast, and takes great pictures :) BTW just in case some are wondering if it comes with the film included IT DOESN'T, but you can always order some! :)", 'I bought this camera for my little sister to give to her on her 13th birthday. She is just starting to get into photography and this is a nice and fun compliment to the rest of her photography arsenal. Not having to wait to upload the pictures onto a computer or have the film developed at the store results in some instant gratification and reminds me of the good ole days when I was younger than she is now. It is a bummer that you have to routinely spend more money in order to buy more film but my little sister loves it and that is good enough for me! Her bulletin board is full of pictures she has taken in the few weeks of owning it.', "My 9 year old loves her new camera...she takes it everywhere she thinks she'll have some good photo ops!  Photos are cute size...small..but perfect for her at this age! Surprisingly good quality photos too if you make sure to change the lighting indicator as instructed.  Love it!"]
page 243
["OBSESSION!!! I brought this all over Italy and it took the cutest pictures ever. My friends are all jealous!!! People at the Colosseum wanted if they could have a picture! The film is cheap, it's easy to use. It's lightweight. I absolutely adore this camera. YES YES YES!", 'We loved this camera, it was the hit of the party! Ordered another for a Christmas present for someone on my list!', 'CuteCamera great for making memories and displaying it In my room!', "It's cute, we get compliments on it all the time. Most people don't know something like this still exists and most call it a Polaroid.", "The pics are smaller than old Polaroid but the camera is also smaller and easier to take around with you. It's fun to give friends a souvenir to take home.", "Only complaint is its hard to get the exposure right. It gives you suggested exposure but getting things wrong at $0.80 a pop kind of sucks. Oh wells, it's part of the process I suppose.", "This product is good but I have couple concerns about this camera (I don't know if it is due to my poor photographing skills or the product itself.)", '1) the film always come out empty, or white?', "2)it's somehow out of focus, even when I'm aiming right in the circle and it's super blurry when the film comes out even when I adjusted to the right mode", "3) I have to press the button really hard to get a film ( don't know why)", 'I have attached some pictures as a proof.', "Don't know if  I should return this product and purchase a new one? This is a great product, I love it but I'd also like to get it fixed before it gets worse.", 'purchase it for my 15 year old and it takes good pictures she loves it', "It works just as expected. It's so cute and it's a great size for carrying around with me throughout the day.", 'super fun to use.  pictures are great compared with other instant cameras!', 'In love with my camara', "I love it! it's so cute and I love the color."]
page 244
['LOVE this camera. It takes great clear quality pictures. Will be taking it on my Christmas vacation.', 'I love it', 'My daughter was super happy to receive this for her birthday.  It works very well.', 'Great Product!', 'Daughter loves it.', 'great for a gift! and inexpensive for what it can do!! Love it!', 'we used it as a fun activity during my wedding, everybody loves it! the vintage feel and the instant picture made guests excited! and like most of my friends who saw it wanted one! :D very good purchase!', "Love this camera. It's so much fun. Thank you for fast shipping and a great product", 'Love it', "I couldn't be more happy with the Instax camera, it's my new, favorite obsession. It's extremely easy and fun to use. It's well worth the money!"]
page 245
['thank you, good packaging and no problems with the camera', 'It was a gift and she loves it', 'I am so happy I purchased this camera, the item arrived quickly & promptly. It is definitely worth it! I am so happy to capture memories in this form. I plan to make a scrap book soon! The camera is light weight and certainly met up to my expectations.', "Bought for my teenager. She's very happy with it.", "I've wanted this camera for so long until I finally just ordered it on a wimb and I can't be happier! Film for it can get pretty expensive but it's totally worth it and I love how the pictures turn out.", 'Cute as can be to be the first camera for my 9 year old granddaughter.', 'Easy to use and can see the picture right away.', 'Just how I wanted it! Thanks so much!', "I love it!!!!!! It's very cute and the pictures are very very very clear!!!!", "I love this camera. It's really fun and exactly what I expected. I gave it 4 stars because I realized I will not be able to use this camera as much as I would probably like to because the film (to me) is a little on the pricey side. When I do buy it I will definitely buy from Amazon though because you get a better deal over anywhere else I've seen; however, figure about a dollar a picture. It's still definitely worth to buy.", "I absolutely love this piece of amazingness. I was planning to buy it for years and now that I've finally got it I couldn't be more  satisfied."]
page 246
['I got this Instax Camera as a gift!  I had been looking at it for a long time, and I really love everything about it.  It is compact and adorable.  Its a great way to share memories with your friends and family, along with displaying your photography!', "I just got this Instax and it's wonderful. I love the vibrant color. The pictures it takes are quite clear so I have zero complaints.", 'My favorite color! I enjoy using this Polaroid camera.', 'i thought the camera itself would be heavy! its really lightweight and the wrist strap holds really well. im super happy with it! i think its worth the price! photo quality is great too!', 'My daughter loves the camera.  The initial camera we purchased stopped working without cause.  We were sent a new one expediently.  I highly recommend the square trade warranty.  They were easy to work with and there was no hassle.', 'Awesome camera! Great quality!', "smaller in your hand than i thought, which is great! can't wait to really use it. its adorable!", 'Delighted with camera, birthday present for my Grandaughter.', 'Perfection', 'My daughter LOVES this camera but is unhappy with the color choice she selected (white).  She would recommend a darker color that would hide scuffs and dirt better!!']
page 247
['Amazing camera, would recommend', "I received mine today, and it's so cute! it comes with the little strap and batteries as well, it works perfect fine, I'm in love!!!", "I love my instax mini!! this type of film is the best!!! the color is more pink than vintage pink but i still love it!! great product just wish the film wasn't so expensive but would definitely buy this again.", "I'm so happy with my purchase! The camera came in perfect condition and the box didn't look old or opened like some other people had said on their reviews. It also came arrived a lot quicker than what the estimated delivery date suggested. If you're thinking about getting an instant camera I would definitely recommend the instax mini 8.", "Haven't tried it out as of yet but it sure is cute ! Can't wait ! Comes with batteries as well", 'produces surprisingly good quality photos. pics are small...very small.', "Received it sooner than expected! Super excited to start using it. I'm satisfied with my transaction. Thank you so much! :)", 'I totally love my fujifilm camera <3', 'film runs quick and is pricey.. love the camera but film runs too quickly..', 'Purchased for my daughter (11yr old). She and her friends love it. Easy to use. The additional types of specialty film and stickers make tons of fun for the girls taking pictures of themselves.']
page 248
['loved it!', "So cool! Very easy to use. I can't wait to use this for guests at my sisters birthday.", 'great camera, works perfectly. going to use for my wedding guest book! easy to use.', 'Love it!', 'No issues  works as expected', 'Great products', 'We purchased this camera for our baby shower to have guests take pictures, paste them into a memory book, and write a message.  For our wedding, we used an instant printer and the quality was just not great so we were diappointed.  With the Instax camera, the quality is excellent and the film is reasonable if purchased in 50 packs.  The time between shots is less than 15 seconds, so our event planners were able to go around and take pictures of all our guests at the party.', 'The only downside was that when pictures were taken in extreme sunlight, the quality looked somewhat washed out.  The built-in flash did better than expected and indoor photos looked perfect.', 'The Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 Instant camera is an awesome way to have some vintage photography fun in a world that seems to have gone completely digital! This camera instantly prints out pictures (about the size of a credit card) using film and runs on two AA batteries as its power source. There is also a built in flash and multiple settings to ensure you get the perfect shot each time. You will not find a more reasonably priced "polaroid"camera today!', 'The Good: Excellent price, Easy setup, LOTS of vintage fun!', "The Bad: The suggested light setting indicator can sometimes be inaccurate, leading to washed out pictures (you'll figure out which setting works best with practice, so don't rely too much on the suggestions). Also, although the film is relatively cheap, it is still expensive at almost 50 cents a picture.", "Just received this for my 8 year old and she loves it! Although, the front plastic lense cover fell off. Now pics have a purple spot on them d/t flash. I'm wondering if I can order this pieces or if I need to return it?", 'fun polaroid camera. outdoor pictures not as colorful and cute as indoor, but perfect for taking indoor pictures of people!']
page 249
["Love this camera. The downside about this camera is that you can't take it in very bright light. For example, at the beach with the sun shining on top of you. You will get a white image cause its so bright outside. Overall, its a must camera.", "My granddaughter's Christmas gift, so can't tell how it works, if it works, etc.  It is just what she asked for and I am hoping she will love it.", 'A good, fast camera.  Wish that the pictures were a little larger like the old Poleroids but can put them through a machine probably and enlarge them.  Good when you  need an instant moment in time.', 'the camera was perfect and the delivery was right on time. AMAZING!', "I got this camera for my daughter a few weeks ago. It works perfectly, except for the fact that when we take a photo inside, it turns out all black except for a few faint visible spots. Either it's a manufacturer defect, or our house is a terrible place to take pictures. It's still works great outside, and very portable and perfect to take on trips. We got the colored film and lenses with it, and they fit perfectly.", 'LOVE! Easy to work, easy to figure out. Prints the cutest pictures. Bought it for my 9 year old and she is a pro already.', 'Awesome Gift for my fiance pictures come out amazing, great buy.', 'I got the yellow one, and i love it. Use it a lot!', 'The camera is easy to use with different themes to pick from.', "I bought this as a gift for my husband's teenage cousin. She's in love with it."]
page 201
['GREAT PICTURES AND MY GIRLFRIEND LOVES THE QUALITY, BETTER THAN THE POLAROID I BOUGHT HER EARLIER THIS YEAR.', "I bought this camera for our wedding to be used in the guestbook. It was such a hit!  And so fun for us the morning after!  The cameras work as well as you would expect, they are certainly not perfect but they are small and instant and adorable.  We continue to use them at home for events.  These cameras a touch bigger and heavier than I expected.  They feel toyish and fragile, but they have been dropped a few times with no issues.  You should just get one to have around... the only caveat is that the film is really expensive.  Not so expensive that it's not worth buying, but expensive enough to be thoughtful about waste.", 'Absolutely love my Instax.  I take it on vacations with me and to outings with my friends and family.  I have never been disappointed with a shot unless I put it on the wrong setting.  Definitely would recommend this no matter what color you buy.  I bought this one because it was the cheapest color at the time - but I fell in love with the color once I had it in my hand.', "I bought this for my daughters for Christmas last year and they absolutely love it! The pictures come out clear, it is very simple to use, and it's fun for kids!", 'Total disappointment! The color "Raspberry" is pretty on the website and on the box the camera comes in but the camera itself is more like a burnt orange color!!', "This is listed as the fujifilm camera with a selfie mirror (notice the tiny mirror next to the lense) and so you would assume any third party sellers listing their items as this would be identical. However, it's just the normal fujifilm camera. Not bad, but I wish it came as described.", 'Quick shipping. LOVE THIS CAMERA I AM OBSSESED!!! Made my aunt cry for', 'Her birthday when she received photos that were printed right then and there. And it actually has a very wide range! Fits a lot of people! Love love love!', 'This was a big hit at my wedding. I love it! The color is so cute!', "This is the first polaroid camera I have ever bought and it was so worth it. It's so cute and portable, not only do I get vintage inspired films from this I get to have the pictures almost instantly. So much worth the buy, now I can account on all my events to be captured into pictures.", 'I bought it as a birthday gift for my 15 year old granddaughter and she absolutely loves it.  My only concern might be that the price of the film is a little on the high priced end.  But all in all - it was a huge hit with her.']
page 204
['100 %Satisfied', u'\U0001f44d\U0001f3fbThe camera is good, but the band was not in the box.', 'Great camera for my 5 yr old girl, who had wanted instant camera for a while now. She loved taking pictures AND getting the prints right away, as opposed to all the digital stuff we have. Word of a caution: be sure to let your kid know NOT to open the back of the camera where the film goes. My kid opened and wasted the full film pack (she actually took out the whole pack, and removed each film, one by one). And those things are not cheap :).', "Overall I'm happy with the purchase. It's much better present (I wouldnt call that a toy, as it has an actual use) than all other disney crap she wants. While camera is relatively not expensive, the films are, so keep this in mind. (Gillette using guys will know what I'm talking about ;))", "Love this camera! It's not only super cute, but it's so much fun to use. I loved my Polaroid camera when I was a kid so I'm glad Fuji made this. It's a fun camera to use.", "Love love it!! Wish I would have bought this a long time ago it's so much fun!", 'button to take pictures - broken.  replaced it with store bought instead of waiting for a replacement.', 'Exactly what I ordered:-) comes with batteries too, but film is separate I just bought it at bestbuy. Love it!', u'I got this camera as a gift and I absolutely love it! It\u2019s portable and light and you can take it practically anywhere! It has four settings that you can set it to: outdoors, indoors, cloudy, and sunny. It also has a flash that the camera uses for every picture that you take. It does need batteries, but mine came with some so I didn\u2019t have to worry about buying any. You do need to buy the camera film in order to take pictures. You can purchase the film at target, Walmart, best buy, etc. The film comes with ten but sometimes you can buy two for the price of twenty.', u' The quality of the camera is great! The pictures come out looking soft and it gives you a sense that it\u2019s old but in a good way. I highly recommend this camera to anyone it\u2019s good for any occasion and you don\u2019t have to worry about printing out the pictures later since the camera is an instant film!', 'P.S. sorry to whoever read this and thought it was dumb, I had to do this for a class assignment', 'Exactly what I was looking for!', "Works great! My girlfriend loves it and the pictures turn out really good. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because of the price of the film. Other than that is a fun little camera."]
page 205
['This is a Christmas gift for my granddaughter which I know she will love.  Her favorite color is pink!!!', 'Great', 'I find that it only takes good photos indoors, with proper lighting, and u need to be at least 3 feet away from the subject. No matter what the setting is on, outdoor photos in bright light turn out completely white. Very disappointed.', "It is adorable first of all. It also brings a bit of nostalgia to me from growing up in the 90's. This camera is a hit where ever I go, people always ask me where I bought it. I have since moved on to the instax 300 wide camera but this camera will always have a special place in my heart.", 'Great Gift for my Daughter', "I am IN LOVE with this camera!  It's really cool, feels good in the hands, and takes pretty good pictures. The only downside is the cost of film, and how long it takes to ship. Overall I would really recomend getting this Fujifilm instax mini 8.  '''", 'No problems at all! Loved the color! The package arrived safely and on time.', 'Nice little quirky thing to own. It worked as expected producing the pictures as expected', "Looks wonderful! Arrived here faster than states. Couldn't ship film so I will need to hunt some down.", 'LOVE']
page 206
[]
page 208
['Thanks to this, my daughter love this so much. She said that its super cute.', 'I love this camera!!! I traveled all over Europe and took tons of photos.', 'More red, then magenta but that was what I was wanting so its perfect!', "Had this on my wishlist forever and finally got it as an anniversary gift! I was super excited for this one. It's one of those nostalgic items, for the retro kid in me - snapping pictures of anything and everything, everywhere I go. The camera itself does kind of feel like a cheap plastic toy, but the quality is good and it's so fun to use.", 'In a word? Obsessed.', "Ever since I got this camera in late September, I have brought it to several parties as well as cons. Whenever I bring it, everyone always want to take home the images, so I have to be judicious with who gets to take one home, otherwise I'm spending money on film I never see. I read other reviews about how popular the camera was with friends and family, and I can contest that it really is. People are surprised when they see it, and then curious about the lineage of how instant cameras have progressed to this point of small and compact size.", u'My entire reason for getting it was to take it to AWA to snap pictures of people in costume, and have a physical representation of the convention experience. And because I have somewhat of a type-A personality, I did extensive research on multiple models over the course of several days. This is something I learned early on: every single person will call it a Polaroid. Not a single one wanted to call it an Instax, even after finding out that\u2019s what it was. Kind of interesting how much the Polaroid brand has withstood the test of time, like how people say Kleenex instead of tissue. These Pros/Cons were taken before the purchase of the camera, and were generally what other people said over several platforms (Amazon, FujiFilm website, other blog posts). At the time of purchase, I got this model for 67.98, which was in line with all the other colors. Because it\u2019s a popular color, it looks like they\u2019ve upped the price.', u'In case you aren\u2019t looking to comparisons and you just want to know why I chose this model, I ended up deciding on the 8 for several reasons. While the cameras from 25 and beyond have a button feature for horizontal and vertical, the 8 doesn\u2019t. I am completely fine with tilting the camera either way, and I have never had an issue taking vertical shots. The 8 also had a price point and purpose I think agreed with each other. For less than $70 I could get an instant camera to take to parties and conventions, a camera I could also use for when I have a Photobooth set up at parties. And the final deciding factor was the color and design. The 8 comes in a variety of colors, including the beautiful pastel blue I decided on. While some people thought the design looked cheesy and cheap, I really loved it! I liked the lightweight feel and compact size and the cute sort of toy look of it appealed to my nostalgic side.', u'By far, the best camera is the 90. It offers an option to turn the flash on/off, which I could say is the biggest caveat of all of the other cameras in this series. Because the flash is always on the 8, it washes out pictures taken in bright light. I\u2019ve mostly used the 8 inside and at parties, ant it performs very well in that environment.', 'At any rate, here are my findings:', 'FujiFilm Instax 210 Instant Wide (camera priced at $72.89 as of 11/11, $15.99 for 20 exposures)', 'Note: Takes 4 AA batteries.', 'PROS:', '-Better at outdoor images than smaller Instax cameras, because they show more detail.', '-Larger photo size, about 2x bigger than the mini.', u'-More like a classic Polaroid from the \u201890s, so it has a really nice nostalgia factor.', '-Has 3 different camera modes: lighten, darken, and normal.', '-Tends to look best with a horizontal shot, but you can turn the camera for a vertical shot.', 'CONS:', '-Bulky, not easy to carry in a pocket or small purse.', '-Auto flash.', '-Not conducive to traveling, due to its large size.', '-Fragile construction.', 'Recommended for: Anyone who wants more of a classic Polaroid feel, with larger images.', '____', u'FujiFilm Instax Mini 8 (camera priced at $67.49 \u2013 72.00 as of 11/11, $15 for 20 exposures)', 'Note: Takes 2 4AA batteries.', u'Note: Just because this camera doesn\u2019t offer an option for horizontal and vertical images does not mean you can\u2019t simply tilt the camera, because you definitely can!', 'PROS:', '-Small photo size, about the size of a business card.', '-Portable and easy to travel with.', '-Takes good indoor/outdoor photos.', '-Camera itself is available in many colors.', '-Cute design.', '-Sturdy construction.', '- Has 4 settings: indoor, cloudy, little sun, sunny.', 'CONS:', '-Small photo size (both a pro and con).', '-Easy to over and underexpose film.', u'-Jamming film problem with some people. (though I haven\u2019t had this issue yet)', u'-No zoom function. You get one lens, and that\u2019s all. (A close up lens is sold separately, however.)', '-Auto flash.', u'-Looks like a toy. Some people said they didn\u2019t like the look and considered it \u201ccheap\u201d.', 'Recommended for: Casual use: weddings, parties, get-togethers.', '___', 'FujiFilm Instax 25 Mini (camera priced at $84.13 as of 11/11, $15 for 20 exposures)', 'Note: Comes with 2 CR2 batteries.', 'PROS:', '-Small photo size.', u'-Self-portrait mirror for those of you who want an \u201cold school selfie\u201d.', u'-Smaller and lighter than the 8 because it doesn\u2019t use the AA batteries that 8 uses.', '-Portable and easy to travel with.', '-Cute-sy design.', '-Comes with a close-up macro lens.', '-An option for horizontal and vertical images.', '-Lighten/darken image mode or turn on flash.', '-Takes good indoor/outdoor photos.', 'CONS:', '-Small photo size (both a pro and con).', '-Limited color selection.', u'-Doesn\u2019t take very good nighttime shots.', '-Auto flash.', u'Recommended for: Casual use: weddings, parties, get-togethers. Those that want to take \u201cselfies\u201d.', '____', 'FujiFilm Instax 50S Mini (camera priced at $90.99 as of 11/11, $15 for 20 exposures)', 'Note: Comes with 2 CR2 batteries.', 'PROS:', '-Small photo size.', '-Self-timer.', '-Comes with a close-up macro lens.', '-Good in low light.', '-An option for horizontal and vertical images.', '-Sleek, more of an adult look to it.', '-3 settings: Auto, Fill-in Flash, and Landscape. Also has a light/dark function.', 'CONS:', '-Small photo size (both a pro and con).', '-Auto flash.', u'-Tendency to overexpose, especially when it\u2019s overcast.', 'Recommended for: Casual use, and those that like the option of taking close-up pictures.', '____', u'FujiFilm Instax Mini 90 (camera priced at $137.49 \u2013 140.49, $15 for 20 exposures)', 'Note: Comes with rechargeable battery and wall charger.', 'PROS:', '-Small photo size.', '-Sleek, more of a retro look to it.', '-Sturdy construction.', '-An option for horizontal and vertical images.', '-An option to turn the flash on/off.', '-Can adjust brightness.', '-Special nighttime option makes it great for lower light.', '-Self-timer.', '-Much less bulk and weight than other Instax cameras.', '-Good for travel and very portable.', '-Takes great day and nighttime shots.', '-Digital display tells you how much film you have left.', '-Macro mode for closer images.', '-Has 4 settings.', 'CONS:', '-Small photo size (both a pro and con).', '-Much more expensive than other Instax models: you definitely pay for the looks and additional features.', 'Recommended for: More serious photographers.', 'I love this camera.  I bought it on a whim and it has been so fun to bring to parties and dinners.  My only negative is that the instructions are nearly impossible to read and the film is a little expensive.  But I still love it.', 'I LOVE THIS CAMERA....need I say more?', 'Great for parties. Everyone loves it.', 'MY GRAND-DAUGHTER WAS SO EXCITED ABOUT HER GIFT!!!', 'Really very fun camera!! very good quality of the photos!!!']
page 215
['my daughter has really loved this little camera its perfect for her. but the film seems kinda high.', 'Great product, good picture quality', 'Everthing was ok with the order. Thank you.', 'Works great, definetly worth the money.', "I bought this to do our own version of a photo booth at my daughter's 13 birthday party - it took awhile for the younger kids who are used to digital cameras to figure out they had to look through the hole to take a picture - but that gave the rest of us a good laugh! The pictures were fun for people to take home as souvenirs and there was a little bit of space to write the date/event info on.", "instant film camera was a good deal for the money.  also like the color.  kind of difficult to find the film in stores but that's not really an issue.", "so far so good bought about a month or two ago and its been great so happy i made the purchase , still getting the settings figured out for when your outside, I've found if i put the picture setting on the one it tells me , it hasn't come out right,  so be careful with that maybe its just me lol !", 'My daughter loves the camera and loves the memories. She loves to make scrap books.', 'Cute. Have zoom in function', "My 14 year old Grand Daughter LOVES this!!! She couldn't stop saying Thank you!!!"]
page 216
['Nice artifact.', 'Worth the price, instant pictures at your finger tips! Con: A little pricey for the film.', 'Great, no problems', 'Amazing product! thank you!', 'my daughter got this for her birthday and has not stopped taking pictures.  i bought the film too.', 'Nice camera ..I loved the color.', 'Great camera! Very easy to use! Bought for my daughters 9 th birthday, she loves it!', 'The pictures are credit card shaped and look vintage, very cool!', 'Got this pink Instax Mini 8 for a good deal and was everything that my girlfriend wanted! Takes great stills, but you have to practice focusing it and setting it on the right setting for light and such. Looked new in box, but tape sealing it was broken.', 'quality of pictures is not as good as expected, but besides that easy to handle', 'This is the mini instant film camera. It comes in black. Blue. Pink. White. Yellow. Grape. Raspberry.  Indigo. It is lightweight and very portable. So easy to use. Easy to refill. So fun to use.  So handy to have on hand for those photo moments when you want to take a picture. And you get to have the picture printed there and then. Perfect.  This would really made a nice gift. Very fast shipping']
page 218
['My flash stopped working and I wasted an entire roll of film. Very disappointed.', "We bought this for my daughter's birthday and she loves it!", 'My daughter love it..', "I love pink colored things because it looks so pretty and girly. That's why I bought this pink instax camera because I think it goes really well with my personalty. Not only that, it captures moments in stylistic way.", 'Bought this for my daughters 14th B-day and she absolutely went crazy with taking pictures all night long. They enjoyed it so much, only thing was they went through 4 rolls of film in just a few hours time.', 'my daughter loves it perfect for her and her friends', 'Gave me grass seed', 'I love it! Works great, just as decribed. Sugh a quick, fun way to capture moments.', "Omg, this is literally the cutest thing ever. Can't wait to get mines. Their so freaking adorable! And they make album book and little picture frames!!", 'This is a requested birthday present for my 11 year old granddaughter.  Her birthday is next month.', 'Gram']
page 221
['I really liked this product. When you pop out the lens, it has 5 different settings. It also takes pictures pretty good for a polariod. I am going to use it for a sign in table at my wedding. I will update to see how it held up to that.', "I love it. I don't regret getting it, because when o go to the stores its way too expensive and here I was able to get it.", 'ok', 'Came in when promised. Works perfectly.', 'This camera was purchased as a gift and the recipient loved it! Works well and the pictures turn out perfectly. Very happy with this purchase.', "This is the perfect gift for a teenager or college student.  My college student was thrilled to receive this, and she's filled her room with garlands of the wee photos.  Yes the film is expensive, but buying in bulk saves money.  There's a learning curve to how to take successful photos which wastes a fair amount of film, but once you figure out lighting, the pics are lovely in an instamatic-y way.  I can't think of a gift my daughter has enjoyed or used more.", 'Love this camera. Price is great and shipping was fast. Comes with batteries. I remember my parents  having an instant camera when I was young. My son loves that the photo comes out when he takes the picture. In the age of cell phone photos and not getting film developed, this is so fun for him and me. Looking firward to taking Halloween photos. The pictures are good quality. Now my daughter wants one of her own because she is away at college. I plan to buy her one for Christmas. Great product', 'amazing product!', 'Love it!!!', 'My daughter keep taking pictures..']
page 206
['Got this for my daughter and she loves it!!  She also got the film.  The pictures are smaller than the Polaroid pictures.  The camera is very easy to use.  Great item that teen girls love!!', 'lots of fun', "I absolutely  love this camera that only downside is the price of film. I can't  wait to use it for holiday parties along with same photo booth props.", "My daughter really enjoys it. I think it's a huge waste of money.", "It broke after having it for one week. Pictures for stuck and wouldn't come out. So disappointed.", "I LOVE THIS CAMERA!  It is so cute!  The picture quality is great!  I'm using this for my wedding guestbook, but I bought it early to play with it.  I'm so glad I did as I cannot stop using it!  I'm glad Amazon has affordable film!  Also, the pink is adorable.", 'Love the colors of the photos coming out of it. manages to get everyone excited to see how the photo came out. The eye lens shows a smaller farm then the photos when they come out, a bit annoying in group pics.', 'Excellent camera. The kids had a great time with this. Photos are small, but capture everything perfectly.', 'This was a gift for Granddaughter.  She loved it.', "I'm only giving this three stars, because it was broken when I received it. It did not take pictures and would keep flashing. I've taken out the batteries and put in new ones, still nothing. I went and got one from Target instead and it works fine, so I will be returning the one I got from Amazon. Probably just had bad luck, but I do like the camera overall (I would have given it 5/5 if the one I received actually worked)"]
page 231
[]
page 250
['it was for my Granddaughter. She loved her camera and it arrived  within a day. It was great as she needed it for an event and it came in time.', 'I love this camera! it takes great pictures and comes in the original box with instructions and everything! I got expedited shipping, and it came amazingly fast! I assure you, getting better shipping is worth it all! completely recomend to anyone looking for a great product!', 'A+', 'Great little camera!', "I LOVE this camera. It's cute and I love the instant pictures! Works and looks great.", 'excellent camera. Takes great photos. My daughter loves it. The pictures are a great size for collages or just carrying in your wallet', 'love love love love!!!! so cute and great, thanks!', "I like it, it's fun!", 'LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! Its more red when it comes tho', "Exactly what was promised. Couldn't be happier with the product. Made the perfect present and me and my partner love taking pictures"]
page 231
['Very disappointing. My daughter found this camera extremely difficult to navigate and barely got one decent snapshot through our entire vacation from it. Its now in the back of a cupboard somewhere and a total waste of money.', 'This was a hit. My daughter had a blast playing with this camera. Some of the pictures came out blurry but once we had the settings right they came out very clear. Really happy i chose this over the polariod, its a great camera and she loves it!', 'bought this for my 11 year old granddaughter for her birthday and she loved it.', "It's a gift for my niece! She loves it!", 'Birthday gift for my daughter...she LOVES this camera!!', 'great!', "I love this camera! It's so cute and perfect. I bring it around whenever I go on adventures and every picture makes me so happy!", 'EKKKKS!! It\'s so cute and I waited really long and thought hard about buying one of these. I went on a "hipster" vacation with a friend and this was the perfect addition to our trip. The white gets dirty really easily dirty, but it\'s nothing that a baby wipe can\'t clean up. This one has the pop out lens to turn on, and the flash. It tells you the "ideal" setting since there\'s a light sensor next to the flash where it detects the lighting in the area. Some pictures come washed out depending on the lighting and the flash together, but it gives it this great vibe!', "No complaints about the camera and I think it's a better investment from Amazon than Best Buy or another stores. Make sure you use the fujifilm instax COLOR film or else your camera won't work. The polaroid like picture comes out instantly (make sure not to shake it) and instant picture in your hand. It's pretty sturdy, comes with a strap for your wrist. I don't trust myself to just hold it by the straps, but it does look cute in your hand. Super reliable and captures the moment perfectly. Also, on the back of the camera, it tells you how many photos you have left. Once you pop in a new film set, it'll be at S (which is the plastic film). Once that first one is taken out, then it'll start the countdown which is really helpful. 10 seems really little, but it sometimes feels like a lot. The lens is wide enough to get two people for a selfie, but it naturally points lower, so hold your camera up a little higher!", 'The flash is not so good, but everything else is pretty good.', 'So awesome. Taking me back to the 90s when I always had my polaroid on me.']
