page 101
["I am absolutely in love with this polaroid camera!! It works wonderfully and produces quick and well-processed pictures easily. The film can be expensive so buying in bulk is usually the best option. Although the camera is difficult to fit in small-medium sized purses for day trips, it's a vacation must and an adorable accessory!!", "A good buy for my daughter for Christmas she loves the camera and she gets a lot of use out of it only problem is is it's disposable film so expect to pay a lot and keep on paying for film", 'Got it opened it and loved it takes awesome pictures that look real retro', "It captures great pictures. It's actually my new favorite toy. I love it so much. Good for travels, I would", 'Highly recommend.', 'I love love love this camera!', "I'm over joyed with this! No complaints!!", 'I absolutely love it, simply and easy to use! It came earlier than expected, which is a plus. I would totally recommend this product, takes great & clear photos.', "Very cute'' nice for unedited, candid pictures. Let be real, I hadn't developed the pictures on my phone for over 3 years! And now I have a ton of pictures :) yay love it! I would never have tangible pictures for scrapbooking ''''''", 'My daughter loves it. Works great.', 'So much fun!']
page 102
[u'Amazing product!! It\u2019s so much easier to use than a Polaroid and the pictures turn out amazing!! Learning the different setting was pretty fun and the pictures turned out great. I love having physical pictures of my dog that I can keep for a long time. I do suggest using the strap though just in case, it does fall out of my hands pretty easily.', 'We were so excited about this camera! And when it came, every single picture came out black.  We thought it was the film we put in. We ended up replacing it three times! The camera still does not work! Every picture comes out black!! I want my money back!', u"BEST PURCHASE I'VE EVER MADE!!! I'm so in love with this camera and the price was great and shipping was so fast! Thank you \U0001f495", 'Bought this as a Christmas present and wasnt used straight away and tesed to see if it works. It does not work. Bateries and film inside, it turns on a red light but the shutter button does not work to take a picture. Dissapointment', 'Retro!  My daughter has a chance to see how my parents did it back in the day.  She has pictures on the wall already.', 'Loved it, super cute, awesome pictures, but after a few days, the pictures in the sunlight come out with "ghost-like" marks, like white shadows. Pretty upset about it', 'Love it !', 'It\'s pretty much what I expected it to be...it\'s fun to play with, but don\'t expect quality pictures. The instructions were mostly in Japanese, so figuring out how to work it was kinda fun, but not too hard. I wouldn\'t call the color "raspberry", I\'d call it dull red. I was expecting something a little more pinkish, like the picture. But I\'m not disappointed, it\'s pretty fun. Glad I got it refurbished because otherwise it wouldn\'t have been worth the full price.', 'Awesome Product!!', 'Ok']
page 103
[]
page 104
['I got myself the yellow one and I bought my sister the pink one and they are so amazing. We received the package early and it was so neatly wrapped. If you are thinking about buying one then you should most definitely get one. They are so cute and take adorable little pictures.', 'Works great!!! So cute and such a great idea. My friends have even bought their own after using mine. Highly recommend.', 'I am sending this back for a refund.  The color and clarity of the pictures is terrible.', 'We bought this for our 12 year old daughter who loves snapping photos of everyone and was wanting to start scrap booking (but I was rarely wanting to stop everything to print for her).', "The camera is simple enough she's been able to figure out how to use it with minimal help, she's thrilled with it and loves being able to instantly have her pictures.", "It's definitely just the old polaroid idea - just with smaller pictures (in a bit cuter format). Definitely stock up on the extra film though, we've noticed she does go through it ;-) And it does have to be bought separately.", "It's nice..", 'Love it! The film is a little smaller than I expected but it had great quality, easy to use, relatively compact. The film packs are 10shot ea. so be sparing! The different light sensing modes work pretty well. All of my films have been clear and look awesome. Great deal here on amazon also.', 'Fast delivery & good product', 'My daughter thought this was the greatest thing ever made, she did not know the joys of an instant camera and had fun using this with her friends', 'Love the product! The manual is came with was easy to read and understand. A must-have for anyone who loves taking pictures!', 'New, unopened and in good condition.', 'No fails yet.', '4 stars as the delivery was a bit later than the est. delivery.', 'Overall happy with the product.']
page 105
['As expected.', "LOVE THIS CAMERA! So glad I bought it, its so much fun to use and it takes really good pictures if you make sure to change the light settings. I've dropped it probably 15 times too and sometimes from pretty high up and its still working. So its durable but obviously I don't recommend dropping it. I should probably buy a case for it at some point.", 'Everything great as expected', 'No problems with the film, easy to use.', "Well my product never arrived but I am very grateful to Amazon for fixing my problem fast! I went out and purchased one of these at target (it wasn't this pretty color of course) and I am very happy with my purchase. Will definitely be buying another as a gift.", 'my granddaughter loves it!', 'Bought camera for wedding', "I think the pictures should be a little better quality than what it produces.  When I was young, the pictures weren't so off in a distance.  You literally have to get on top of your subject in an effort to get a half-way decent picture of them.", 'Thank you.', 'Works perfectly! I love this camera. This is great for parties with friends, makes for a good souvenir. Somehow photos you can walk away with are more fun. It also takes great quality pictures, and you can adjust the settings for indoor, outdoor, and cloudy day.']
page 106
['Great mini camera.  Picture quality was ok for selfies.. My niece enjoyed it', 'Great!', 'Great present for my teenage daughter.', 'My daughter loves this camera! Easy to use & picture quality is good, film is expensive though.', 'I got a refurbished camera and it works nicely, take nice pictures and it is the exact color as the picture. The only thing I have a problem with is that the dial does not change in settings but I decided to keep it because shipping it back is not worth it but still do recommend getting it.', 'Girlfriend loves it', 'Love it! So cute and light. Everything I expected it to be and more!', "I love my mini camara, it takes beautiful pictures. definately will take it with me my next vacations. wish did't have to order the case and other things separate.", 'I like the camera', 'Great gift for a tween!']
page 107
['My daughter loves this camera, particularly the selfie feature.  These are small photos, but perfect for what she wants them for.', 'Everything I expected! :)', 'I am in love with this camera!!! It takes clear pictures and you can choose the setting you are in. Indoors, outdoors, in the shade, or night.', 'best Polaroid ever. 100% recommend!', 'This camera is the cutest thing and works so well! I love it!!', 'Very bad item', 'Love', 'Very well received and thoroughly enjoyed.  Great photos too!', 'My daughter uses it when her friends come over, but is a little to large for a teenager to travel with.', u'I love love loveee it. I was a bit hesitant to buy it because of the price. Great quality for the the price. And it literally shipped in one day. So satisfied \U0001f64c\U0001f3fc']
page 108
['Its cool. Love the color, shape and size.  The only drawback is its a bit hard to figure out the light setting to use in different situations.  It takes a couple pics to get it right.', 'Amazon prime', 'My daughter loves this camera', 'Amazing i live it', 'Had no problems with it! (: MUST GET!', "Once you passed the initial emotion, you realize this is not practical nor economic to use.  So If you have the extra bucks and don't care small unique pictures (no copies possible), then it's a nice TOY.  I bought this for my doughter, she's happy with it... so far.  Let's wait until picture cartridge is finished... :(", "This is such a hit with friends. I have used this at a friend's baby shower for guests to pin photos with a wish for the baby written on them and also took it to a nearby orphanage. The photos are a great party favor.", "I bought this for my daughter's 11th birthday. She absolutely loves it. It's easy to use and the cartridges are simple to put in. The film is a little expensive but she loves this camera. She's putting together a scrapbook with her pictures. I wish I would've bought one for myself.", "this camera honestly is the best thing ever.. i was kinda iffy to buy at first because of all the things people were saying about it being defective but so far it's turned out great. this one thing i really love about it is that the cameras flash will literally make your face look flawless af.", 'Awesome small camera to carry around anywhere and takes very cute unique photos! Love love love mine']
page 109
['My fifteen year old loved it.  She and her friends were bewildered by the development of the pictures.', 'This camera is fun to use! Only downside is that mine will not take pictures in the sunlight, or low light they get washed out completly. I reccomend indoor lighting or overcast for a usable poloroid. Mine may be faulty because I have seen other people take good pictures outside. Just something to think about! Otherwise I love using it.', 'The rasberry color is NOT PINK! It is RED! My daughter was disappointed so I just wanted to let you know. Also does not come with any film so be sure to order some.', 'The picture pops out the top like a toaster! Hehehehehehehehehehehehehehe', 'great pictures', 'A fun camera. Having a tangible image in-hand seems to be bring excitement back to photography, especially, to the "miliennials." I hope Fuji can increase the format size, in the future.', 'I love this camera.!', 'Awesome', u'It was really nice and pictures came out great awesome gift for my girlfriend and it was a quick delivery very nice!!!\U0001f44f\U0001f44f\U0001f44f', "I was missing the side piece for the battery and the inside battery metal was bent i couldn't even get the battery in it. Overall bad condition the focus also springs back and doesn't even click it's a swap meet quality and I'm returning it tomorrow SMH."]
page 110
['SERIOUSLY SO MUCH FUN!!! buy this camera! i love love love it. nothing like the instant gratification an instant film camera gives you. :)', 'Fast shipping! Very satisfied with this item.', 'Refurbished but looks new', 'Super cute color. Pics are very good quality!', 'so fun a bit bulgy, but i love it!', 'Absolutely great. This tiny camera takes some of the best pics ever. I very highly suggest this product', 'They only reason my wife gave it 2 stars is because the color is not as advertised. Awesome camera but we had to return it. We ordered the "Raspberry" color but got a weird faded looking, red color. I put a picture down below. It looks even more strange in person. Returning for the regular "Pink".', "I'm enjoying the camera", 'My daughter loves this camera!  Pictures come out clear & camera quality is great!  Def brings it back to when I use to use a polaroid 30 years ago.  ;)', 'Feels cheap.  Takes terrible pictures.  Half of the pictures never developed so I suspect the film is bad.  Will try a new film but do not hold out much hope.  Very disappointed!']
page 111
['It was everything I expected. I was worried about buying it but its simple, affordable, and just everything I expected.', 'Works good. But is weak with poor ligth', 'The camera does not work when we got it... probably not a good quality so now i have to look for another brand', 'This takes the cutest little pictures! Obviously it\'s not a high end "super camera", but it\'s fun and the pictures turn out pretty well. My husband got me the pink one for Christmas, along with the matching album and carrying case. The pictures are about the size of a credit card, and there\'s a space below the picture for a notation. Please understand, you\'re not buying the equivalent of a Nikon or Canon or Sony, but just a fun camera that will produce small photos instantly. I was somewhat surprised at the size of the actual camera. For some reason I thought it would be smaller. It\'s not something you could fit in a pocket or comfortably carry in a purse. I\'m having a lot of fun with it, and people are amazed when they see the camera in action!', 'got this for my 9 year old and he loves it takes great vivid photos', 'Nice', "This was my 7 year old niece's favorite birthday gift, she flipped out.  She wouldn't stop playing with it all day, carried it everywhere with her.  The only bummer is the cost of the film, it's a little high.", 'Bought this for our girls for Christmas - they have had so much fun with it. Easy to use. Easy to load the film into.. of course they are going through a lot of film but thier smiles and laughter even it out!', 'I ordered this for my daughter & she loves it.', "INSTANT PCITURES! My wife absolutely love this camera. It brings a totally different feel to taking pictures knowing that it is limited, unlike the unlimited photos on a phone. There's always the mind set that it costs over $1 per picture though we always have to make sure our smiles are right. Every picture so far has been great. The retro look is cool."]
page 112
['Works as expected.', "LOVE IT! It's so fun to capture memories with this Instax camera! I got mine for $65 when my friend got hers in stores for $100!", 'My daughter loves her new camera.  Color is nice and bright.  Easy to use.', 'Great camera! Bought this for my 10 year old daughter, she loves it. Takes nice pictures.', 'I love this camera!!', 'I absolutely love this!!! It met my expectations greatly!', 'Grand daughter loves this camera. Now older daughter wants one!', 'Love it but film is too expensive', 'Bought for my daughter for Christmas and so far it has been good. Takes good instant photos. Not professional or digital quality. Great for my kids to make scrap book or photo albums.', 'I just received my fujifilm instax mini 8!!! So far, so good! It is everything I expected it to be. I hope it continues to be a well worth buy. <3']
page 113
["This camera is cute! I ended up returning it because I just didn't see myself using it, but it's an awesome gift for kiddos !! Brings back memories", "Very cute, soft yellow color. Takes great insta photos. We took this with us to NYC and my daughter used it to take photos of the sights in NYC. It takes great photos and it's a blast from the past with the insta photos.", 'love it', 'Extremely cute I love it', 'Arrived exactly as picture.  Easy to use.  Takes good pictures for a polaroid.  THe kids have been having a blast with this.', "It doesn't work at all. Do not know why. Doesn't turn on. I check the batteries. Use a nwe pair because I thought that maybe the included were wrong but nothing :'(", 'A pretty cool device but their are some flaws on it. The switch botton is kinda near the view finder. It would cause ur finger to block it. Sensor can be improve making it faster to.switch mode. Great buy for a price but the film is kinda pricy. So make sure make a great pose and smile before you shoot.', 'Awesome little camera with a vintage look!', "I received the camera and the seal was broken on the bottom of the box and there was no inside. The box looks very Worn.  stinks because I'm giving as a gift. I'm asking for replacement.", "I received this as a Christmas gift from my husband, and I absolutely love it! It came in the Fujifilm box, it included a grey strap, and instructions. It fits perfectly in your hands, I had no issues taking pictures, and there is a light that tells you what the best setting will be. Really easy to use, and you get the picture instantly! The downside is the film for the camera is a little expensive if you buy it at the store. However if you can get them cheaper if you order them off here (Amazon). Also the pictures are about the size of a credit card. Not really an issue for me, but I thought it would be worth mentioning. I think it's worth buying, and I definitely recommend it."]
page 114
['Best Instax for the price. Best gift under $100 for your girlfriend, fiancee, mums, or your wife. Although this is my first Instax(not my Instax as this is a gift to my wife). But anyway, this is my observation.', 'Pro :', '1) The pink color is very light and subdue, which for me is very beautiful. It does not strike out like crazy pink', '2) The picture quality is superb. I do own several Fujifilm cameras, ranging from $1000 upwards and I know Fujifilm camera produces superb quality image', '3) It is very easy to use. Almost foolproof I would say. Human with the slightest intelligence can use it.', '4) It do have 5 modes : indoor, cloudy, sunny, extra sunny, high', '5)The strong point of Fujifilm vs other Instax (Polaroid,Kodak,etc) is for me, Fujifilm produce the most beautiful and accurate skin tone. The flash is intelligent enough to sense the environment I am currently in and adjust accordingly, resulting for a perfect image.', 'Cons :', '1)Plastic', '2)Expensive film', '3)Kinda weird shape', '4)Does not look as stylish as the other Instax', 'Final say :', "If image quality is your priority and kinda hard on the cash, get this one. You will not regret it. If you have extra money to burn, go for Fujifilm Wide Instax. If you don't really care about money and just want to buy some fancy looking Instax, get a Polaroid.", 'My 24 year old daughter has LOVED this since the day we got it! Film is a little pricey, but you know that before you buy it, so worth it in our book!', 'loveee!', 'I bought this for my SO and she loves it!', "I'm in love with this camera the moment I opened it in the box!!! This is so fun and so cute!!!", 'I really like my camera. I got the raspberry color and its almost a rust color so its not too girly for my husband to snap a picture here or there.', 'The only con is that the pictures I took inside were a little darker than Id like.', "I'm in love with it! great product!", 'Great camera, daughter loves the pink &', 'Great price !!', 'I have only taken one picture, but the camera seems to be working great so far. Only thing was that the "low battery" red LED started blinking as soon as I turned it on, but the batteries I put in it were over half full on charge (I took then out of something else). After turning the camera off and on a few times, the red light stopped coming on. So far, it works great and I am excited to use it more. I will update if anything happens.', 'Very happy with my purchase!!! I love my fujifilm camera and the color is such a beautiful shade of pink.']
page 115
['My 11 year old loves this!! It is reminiscent of the pics you seen as a kid but better and a little smaller so cool!!', 'Absolutely love this camera!!', 'Cool camera and even cooler pictures.  Perfect for our 8 year old.', 'Brand new, item came as described and love the instant pictures! Very happy and glad I decided to buy this.', 'My four year old had so much fun with it! Easy to aim and shoot! And he did all 20 pix well!', 'Nice camera', 'Love it!!!', 'perfect', 'Works great! Cute design', 'Its great']
page 116
['great camera for my teenage daughter.  The film is rather costly', 'daughter loves it', 'Great camera and perfect gift. Only downside is that it does not come with film so be sure to purchase film with the camera!', 'Great camera came in 6 days new awesome quality it was exactly how I expected', 'I bought this camera for my girlfriend on our anniversary and she loved it so much!', 'Came a day later than 2-day priority.', 'This camera is amazing. The photos look great, the camera is easy to use. 10/10.', 'Easy to work with. Lots of fun.', 'Best substitute since the polaroid 600 :)', 'Perfect!']
page 117
['I love the camera but the pics are very small. When the pics come out, the actual size of the pic is Smaller than the size of a credit card.', "Received the camera, followed all the directions, went to turn it on and NOTHING!!! It doesn't work at all!! Getting my money back!", 'So amazing!! Pictures even better than I thought they would be!', 'I brought it for my daughter for Christmas and she love it as well as others. I tell them that I bought it off of Amazon.  I like the little photos it reminds me when I was a little girl we had cameras that printed out poloriod it comes to show you how things have a way of coming back around', 'She is off at college and just loves it!', 'Excellent', 'I love this little camera. Shipping took a little longer than I hoped for but product is great. Fun, portable and cute. Went through so much film already. Only thing about it, is you have to make sure you put the light setting on the one it tells you to or your pictures may turn out over lighted or dark.', u'Great buy \U0001f601', 'I absolutely love this camera! it is a great way to scrapbook and actually have tangible pictures. with so much technology we hardly go and print out our pictures. this camera instantly captures priceless moments and leaves you with a copy of the picture. it is cute and vintage color makes it a lot better.', "Got this for my granddaughter for Christmas.  Unfortunately I had to send it back because it wouldn't print pictures."]
page 118
["It said new but when I received the product it was used and damaged, doesn't work", 'small pictures but good for what it does.', 'So cool and nostalgic with great picture quality.  Was a gift for my 8 year old and she had no problem taking great pics and was very easy to use and very fun!', 'Love this item!! Great buy! Great quality !', 'Granddaughter loved her birthday gift. Film is a little pricey but she is using the camera wisely.', 'Well packaged.', 'Good deal.', 'Bought as a gift for my daughter. She loved it!!', "Bought this for daughters 18th birthday! She loves it! Little bit of a learning curve with framing the shot. Takes me right back to the 70's!", 'This camera has made my life a whole new world XD I love it I have taken so many pics with me and my friends and family they love it too I bought this thinking this camera is my first make the best of it and from the first day It arrived  (on my birth day) I was so happy Amazon said that it would be here on Feb first I was so sad then it said it was coming right at 8 o-clock on my birth day I was so happy and I could take some pics while some people where leaving it came just in time and my birth day was the best the Amazon', "I rarely leave reviews but this time I feel this camera is worth the trouble. I bough two of these one for me and one for my daughter as a gift. We both love it and recommended it for my brothers. I took it to the family gathering and gave it to the children to take a few shots. We laughed a lot at photos taken by them and one of my brothers said he'd bring one for his daughter. It is sold in a bookstore here in Riyadh but it is cheaper at Amazon. I like the accessories especially the frames and the album. In fact, this is the main reason we bought it.", ' I am giving it 4 stars because the picture is too small. It is not good to capture events or scenes. It is good for selfies with friends and family.']
page 119
["So much fun! Love this playful camera. It's kinda big but I don't mind.", "Bought for my daughter....LOVE LOVE LOVE...it's an instant camera so the pics look a bit vintage.  If you want digital quality, buy a digital camera.  If you want a super cute vintage print to hang in the shappy chic room...this is for you.  Pics are approx credit card size.", 'This was for my ex girlfriend u.u never got to enjoy it.', 'Cool!', 'At first I worried if it would come to me in god condition like it said, but it came to me in perfect condition and I absolutely love my camera!', 'Finally a gift for my teenage granddaughter she really likes and uses!', 'Arrived as expected', 'Got one for my sister and she loves it', 'It is a really good camera', 'Poor quality photos but retro, I suppose.']
page 120
['Nice and easy to use!', 'Poor picture quality plus film that cost about $1 per shot = terrible product.', "So easy to use. Expensive but worth it as I had wanted one for a long time. My friend bought a different brand that allows you to choose which pictures to print out, which you don't get with this one. However the quality is impeccable, it really makes life & parties look so much cooler.", 'Huge hit and Amazon had the best price!', 'Loved it! Just what i expected!', 'Happy with my product!', 'Excellent, easy to use, love the size of the photos! They are so fun to watch develop.', 'Bought for my 6 year old and she absolutely loves it. Pictures are clear and the camera is very sturdy. Has been dropped several times and still works with no issues.', 'My daughter loves her new camera, came fast too', "It broke within the first month. The lights blink on it, and won't take a picture."]
["The Polaroid camera is back! We have had a lot of fun using this camera in a variety of ways. You go through the film very quickly and it isn't cheap. I wouldn't use this on a regular basis, but for special parties and events it is a lot of fun.", 'My daughter who is in college has loved the camera! Works great, easy to use.', 'love it!', 'My daughter loves this instant film camera. Fuji should have 2 types of film, the current size and the original polaroid size. Other than that, works great.', 'A', 'The official camera, so cute and so pretty', 'It did not come with film :( had to wait a long time before I could take any pictures because I had to order the film separately but it came with batteries!', 'My daughter has had so much fun taking Pics :)', 'Such a fun camera! Really great for scrapbooks or wall decor. People always complements and adores the photos and the camera whenever they see it.', 'Great for fun projects!']
page 123
['Arrived very fast!! cute camera my niece loves it', 'Cute for kids  nothing for an adult and the film too high in it only takes ten pics smh what a waste but I like it for my kids . hope this helps', 'So much fun to use!', 'Works well. Came complete. No complains', 'This is so much fun and good pictures', 'Lens got stuck within first week', 'Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Perfect gift for s teen. My teenager loves it!', "Wasn't sent in English and have to send it back its not taking pic there all blank", "Very simple to use, just point and shoot. Great for all ages to use. I love the spontaneity and novelty of the pictures (which most people may not). The softness of colors, slight viginettes, and other effects due to the nature of the camera make every photo look vintage. I will attach some photos when I have time. For first time instant camera owners, I'd recommend buying a bulk pack of film (even if you don't get a lot of user-errors with photos, you'll just want to keep taking and taking them) as well as an accessories set if you like to play around with photography. I purchased the NODARTISAN package, which brings lots of cute filters, a case, and other items.", 'Fell off the couch and broke after 1 week']
page 124
[]
page 125
['Great gift to give', 'Camera was not new, it was dirty and already had the batteries in it.', "This camera works real well and good for the price. I use it plentiful and no problems so far. It is well designed and better than the previous model. I recommend getting this and a designed film to make the photo look even better! It is easy to use and lightweight! I would've liked there to be a little more to the camera but for the price it is fair.", 'Love this camera! Everyone had so much fun taking pics with this at the birthday party! & Everyone wanted one after they played with it! =] It was a really cute and clever party favor for the parents and kids to take home with them! I think the picture turns out really nice as long as your up close and personal with good lighting! =]', 'They love it, works really well!', 'didnt work... felt so bad for my daughter she was really looking foward to it', '100% PERFECT!', 'Camera arrived faulty, pictures do not develop at all no matter how much film I use', 'History repeats itself! Just when I thought print is dead this came out of nowhere giving people actual photographs. I was speechless upon learning about this stuff. I love it! Now, I make albums and take photographs without having to print or develop them...just like in the old times.', 'Love it. Takes cute pictures']
page 126
[]
page 127
['Great love it', 'I love it. It takes great pictures.  The only problem was that none of the directions were in English . We used the pictures and common sense to put it together.', 'How can you not love a Polaroid? This is awesome plus it was for a discount, win win for us! Even my little girls likes to play with it !', "My niece is in love with this camera! I got it for her for Xmas and she is so happy with it. The pictures come out really nice and it's nostalgic for everyone to see Polaroids again!", 'Very light to carry and easy to operate - love it.', 'I LOVE ITTT!! <3 its so pretty :3..It come with battery and the strap... It came within a week and two days for me. Packaging is in good hand/ wrap in bubble wrap haha. But still need to learn how to take a really good picture ahah', 'soo cute!', 'Such a fun camera.  Easy to use.  We purchased for our 14 year old as a birthday gift.', 'This camera and case arrived on time and brought a huge smile to my granddaughter. She loves it.', "I ordered a black one and from the day I started using it I knew it was totally fake because it wouldn't change the filters at all. I'm going to return mine asap and I expect my money back."]
page 128
['Great', 'Purchased for 9 year old daughter.  Nice camera, very expensive film.', 'Fast shipping and great product', 'I bought this as a birthday gift for my 9 year old niece. She loved it and thought that it was really cute. The adults loved it too because it reminded us of the old Polaroid cameras from our childhoods!  The only negative is having to buy film.', 'Okay, but a bit of a teen toy.  Does not take quality photos at all, but it was fun for a party.', 'So much fun and easy to use!', "Super fun. Wish the film wasn't so pricey. I've been toting this thing around with me everywhere.", 'My sister loved her gift!', 'Daughter loves it.', "This was order for my sister and she absolutely loves it! It's a gorgeous color."]
page 129
['Came fast love it', 'Takes a great picture', 'My granddaughter loved her Christmas present.', 'I purchased the Fuji camera for my daughter and it is great for capturing memorable moments.  She and her friends had fun taking different poses.  The mini pictures are great for creating cards and scrapbooking without waiting months to get pictures developed.', 'Brought one for my daughter as a Christmas gift. She likes it, but the price of the films can add up quickly.', 'Delivered as defective-> flash did not work. I purchased this right before my tralvel date, so i could not claim so unlucky', 'My daughter in law love it!', 'Perfect photo album for my mini Polaroids! Plan on buying again once my current one is filled.', 'Very nice! My niece liked it very much. =)', 'I got mine in the mail today. SO EXCITED. I took the first picture & the flash was extremely dull. The picture came out black. I tried researching how to fix it online & it said the best solution was to replace the bulb for the flash. :( Sounds like too much of a hassle for me. So I wanted a thing of film & am getting ready to return it. I bought another one because I still REAALLY want one. hopefully this one works! fingers crossed']
page 130
[]
page 131
['Love this camera so much! Utterly obsessed, would definitely recommend this!!', 'This item is great my daughter loves it, and I received on the day I was given.', 'Adorable camera. Brings back the timeless Polaroid like no other.', 'I got my camera in Grape and it was my present to myself for working so hard all year. I love this camera. My son loves it because a picture slides up at the top lol', 'Bought it for a gift and my niece loved it.  Great product', 'It good for the price came to me 1 day earlier and love it would recommend it super fun for gifth and cheap', 'Girlfriend loves it, takes  small but clear pictures and the custom Polaroid film makes it even cooler.', 'Camera ok but didnot receive any instructions so just have to guess at how to use.', "Best s*** ever but it doesn't come with film that's about it", 'Nice']
page 132
['12-year old daughter had no trouble figuring out how to get it loaded and ready to snap photos.', 'Of course, first thing she did with the photos was take pictures on them with her tablet to post on Instagram....', "The camera was a gift for my granddaughter and she's delighted with it.", 'love it.', 'Very good', 'I was a little skeptical buying a used product, but up to date I have had no problems with this product and it produces incredible photos', 'Loving this camera!', 'Absolutely love the camera. So easy to set up, and it even came with batteries which might be my favorite part. I am only giving it four stars because of the fact that the film is pricey and only comes with 10 captures!', "I am so happy that I got this! I was literally screaming and everything while I was opening it and putting the film in. Thank you so much! Mine doesn't make a suppose 'sound' when you turn it on, but I don't really care. Buy this!", 'What a great camera for a teenage girl! She loved it and purple is her favorite color! Makes great pictures!', 'Thank you; what I wanted.']
page 133
['Great birthday present for my daughter.', "A bit expensive for what you get. Disappointed that you don't get any photo paper.", "Nice camera. Although it's easy to waste a shot because the settings aren't highly customizable. Also, once you're out of film, there's no point in using this camera! I wish I bought the Snap Polaroid because it's SD card supported. But hey I don't care because this was a gift to my GF and she liked it. So.... Whatever!", 'My Granddaughter was happy to get the extra film. She us having lots if fun with her friends.', 'This is a great and easy camera to use. It is a great quality camera that you can carry around with you at all times.', 'Just what she wanted. Thanx.', 'Not for everyday.  Film is $$. But fun to mess around with.', 'This camera is fantastic!  These marketing folks really need to pat themselves on the back for bringing Polaroid-style cameras back.  The color is so beautiful and I just know my daughter will love it!  (P.S.  I want one for myself O_O)', 'Christmas gift for my granddaughter.  She loves it.  Takes great little pics.  The blue is very pretty.  Fast shipping.', 'love it. pictures are so cute!']
page 134
["Wish the viewer was correct and didn't have to move the lens right and up to center photo. Why even put it in there? Camera itself is pretty freaking awesome though. Love giving photos right away to people. 4/5.", 'Worked for 1 day.  The settings dial stopped working.  Now it will only take pis with a flash', 'absolutely LOVE this, reminds me of being a kid again! highly recommend!', 'daughter is very pleased', 'Got this for my 15 year old daughter for Christmas!  She loves it!! The only problem is gonna be buying all this film!!', "This camera is awesome,it's light and easy to hold. It takes really cool looking photos too. It's a great choice if you want an instant camera but can't afford the old Polaroid film.", 'My granddaughter loves this camera.  Reminds me of my childhood polaroid only better.  The pictures are very clear too.', 'Granddaughter loved the camera as well.', 'Pictures are very small.', 'Super nice!!!']
page 135
['I really happy with this purchase', "This is a retro throwback to the Polaroid cameras of the 70's and early 80's.", 'The pictures that come out look awful due to fixed lens focal length, and it has to process the shot internally.', "If you have won the lotto or are a silver spoon trust fund baby by all means get one, but at $1.00 per picture for film you would be crazy to buy this thing in my opinion. My daughter begged for one for Christmas and I told her she had to buy the film, it went against every fiber of my being to purchase such antiquated tech. Now that the film all gone it's a paperweight laying around the house.", "It's well built, seems to function ok so far, it comes in god awful colors at least I bought the black one, if it was pink or baby blue I would have tossed the paperweight that it is with no film, out the window.", "Don't buy this it's antiquated junk in my opinion.", 'Well received. Work great.', 'Bring the good old days back with this one. You wont get HD prints out of this but you will get a quality photo right then and there. The camera itself seems built to last. It may be a bit pricey for the technology but as always Amazon had the best price that I found at any box store.', 'I was super pleased at how easy it is to use and the fact that you can write names, dates etc on the bottom of it', 'Love!!! Absolute love', "It's a neat little camera, but we seem to get a lot of pictures that won't develop.", 'Bought it for my daughter for x-mas.  She loves it - and has been snapping pics ever since.', 'my daughter wanted one for her birthday and she got it.  So easy to use and like the old instant cameras, easy to use.  The pictures are small, however that is what the kids want now a days.', 'Favorite gift of Christmas!  Love the retro design and color.']
page 136
["LOVE LOVE LOVE this camera. Easy to use, I haven't dropped it so I wouldn't know how durable, but it's plastic so I guess it'd be ok if your clumsy. Takes swell pictures. Sometimes the pics come out too dark, but it's not the cameras fault. Bad lighting is all. I recommend this. And the price is fair.", 'Very fun to use but the camera hole is kinda small hard for people with glasses to get a good picture', 'funky', 'This was a big hit at our Christmas Party!  Everyone kept asking where I had purchased it.  Amazon has everything!', 'A+++++', 'Awesome!!!', "Doesn't come with any of the paper (film).  Gave as gift only to watch all at the party wonder what a picture might look like.", 'This camera is so cute and came in very good packaging also. I recommend to buy it here since its much cheeper for the same product you buy at any other store for $120. I got the Blue one amd its the same exact color as shown!', 'Fun item to have', "Bought for my 11 year old for Christmas and has lived it. Film is a little pricey, but she's learned to be more selective with pictures she takes with it."]
page 137
['Device as expected! Good stuff and very fast arriving to my place', 'i love it! the quality of the photo is nice and i did not even expected it to be this nice. what an awesome find indeed.and plus, the color is a total eye candy. love it!', 'Bought it for vacation', 'it was for my 10year old niece and sent it to Korea. my brother  opened it for her and did turn on by instruction. he said the camera turned on but after one time trying to take picture, the film jammed and never worked again. I need refund!! it turned out to be a ashamed gift. I am so upset. \\./', 'I purchased this product for my teenage daughter for Christmas. She absolutely LOVED it!!! She has used it constantly. The color was perfect and the price was great. She was very pleased!', 'Love this camera. Was a perfect gift for my daughter. She loves the fact it prints the picture after you take it. Only downfall is it can only do ten pictures on one thing of film and that gets a little pricey. But all in all great camera and great gift.', 'I got this for my 8 year old. She loves it.', 'My 19 year old daughters favorite gift!', 'I bought it for my sister, and she absolutely loves the camera, the pictures always turn out really pretty, everyone looks good on the pictures, alwaays haha.', 'My daughter was very happy with her camera, delivery time was awsome thank you.']
page 138
['It is the best!!! It is so easy to use and so much fun.', 'My 13 year old daughter was very excited', 'My daughter was happy!', 'Granddaughter loves this camera.', 'Great throwback to the original Polaroid cameras! The pictures are small, but right up the alley to my daughter who received it as a gift.', 'The picture came out dark but I my daughter loves it so I guess it works out', "this product is not limited edition no matter what anyone says. its a new colour including the grape colour. it also does not come with a selfie mirror, because thats the fujifilm instax mini 8+, which does not come in raspberry or grape yet. overall this is an amazing camera and i cannot wait to get one, its totally worth the price considering its almost $100 at Michael's or BJs.", "It's big and bulky. But that's to be expected. The pictures are small and usually dark. You can still see the image, but darker than usual. It still has that blurryness like the old pics.", 'Loved IT', 'Love it']
page 139
["Obsessed!!! This is such a fun and great quality camera! I can't believe I didn't purchase sooner!", 'All good.', 'Love it! Picture quality came out wonderful', 'Arrived very fast. Great quality.', 'This is one of my favorite products that I have bought recently.  It is very user-friendly and easy to use. My 9-year old niece can operate it easily.', 'You would not believe how excited people get when this comes out at a party or event!  The older crowd gets that "Polaroid nostalgia" and those that are too young to remember instant cameras are completely fascinated by it!', "I bought this on June 25th and it will not work. The pictures either turn out black or white, I've read and followed all of the instructions and it said that my camera needs to be sent back. I payed more than $60 dollars for a camera that does not work so I would like to have my camera replaced. I've wasted 3 packages of film trying to get it to work.", 'Love it!', 'My daughter really enjoys her camera.  She needs more film.', "I bought this for my little sister (age 14). She didn't ask for this gift or expect it. The look on her face was priceless when the picture came out of the camera.", 'You have to get up really close to people when you take the picture. Keep this in mind since the film is very expensive.', "Loved it! Used it at a Hannukah community event to take pics of kids and the kids put them in the holiday frames they decorated. Obviously the pics don't come out like regular photos with normal camera, but I didn't expect it to. Kids really enjoyed it. Only problem is that as all the reviews stated, the film is very expensive. I wish it were cheaper. Otherwise, GREAT camera, GREAT price, GREAT buy!"]
page 140
[]
page 141
[]
page 142
["I love my camera, just wish it picked up more light. The pictures come out fairly dark, but it's an instant camera so it's understandable. Very fun to have and use though.", 'great', 'Daughter laugs and cute', 'Fun camera, takes great photos in any lighting situation. Great choice for an instant camera and the film is much cheaper than polaroid exposures.', 'bought this for my gf she loved it exactly what i expected and what she wanted worth the money and there pretty durable drop it about twice already still works perfect lol', 'Camera works as expected taking excellent photos!', "This is a super fun camera. Enjoyed it at Christmas went the family. The teenagers actually enjoyed it!  Perfect credit card size pics. I've given twice as a gift I since my  original purchase!", 'Bought this for a Christmas gift. They seem to be happy with it.', 'The pictures are smaller than expected, but overall, great camera! I love the old, vintage look of the pics it takes. The camera is well-made. Feels heavy and sturdy on the hand. Great fun to capture little moments in an instant, here and there.', "This camera would have been worth 5 stars had the camera not came in with technical malfunctions. It was stuck on one setting the entire time, the houses symbol setting. Taking any picture outside and the photos always came out either all black or white. Even pictures inside weren't guaranteed as they came out completely dark most of the time. I just requested to return it to buy another one but upset I've gone through 30 film sets with the majority printing out ruined."]
page 143
['My daughter absolutely loves this camera! We got it for her for Christmas, the color is so pretty! It actually takes good quality pictures as well, the only downside is the film can be a bit pricey but besides that we love it!', "LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS POLAROID! It takes wonderful pictures, and I personally just love that I can take pictures and have a printed copy seconds later vs. digital copies of pictures. There are 5 settings and it will tell you which one to set it to before you take the picture, perfect for beginners. I took it on my road trip and had a blast with it. One of the best things I've purchased off amazon! Definitely worth the money in my opinion!", 'Great gift for my Mom and sister. They love it. Thanks!', 'Can not say enough about this camera.  It brings back memories of the true polaroid camera.  The pictures come out so well.  Small enough to take anywhere, and the pictures develop instantly.', "Santa sent this camera to my 5 yr old daughter. She figured out how to use it in minutes but I have to load the film. She's obsessed and uses it constantly for her artistic expression. Silly girl even took it to Walmart to capture her day.", "I love this camera.  The film is sorta expensive but it's totally worth it.", 'As a guy, I fond white colored objects just like this one.', "Great little camera, awesome retro photos and the color is vibrant!  The film can be a bit pricy, but the camera is easy to operate, very user friendly, and lots of fun!  This helped me make Christmas memories and I can't wait to use it for all of my special occasions!  The whole family loves the instant print photos!", 'I LOVE this polaroid camera. I have had this camera for almost a year and the memories captured are amazing. You always need to remember to have extra film when you are out and about to restock. It takes a few test shots to work the camera and know what setting to put it in. It recommends what setting to take a picture with so that suggestion is very helpful.', 'This camera was the worse purchase I have made in a very long time and my daughter was very disappointed. She was looking forward to document her Christmas break with this camera and could not!', 'The camera turned on but all photos taken indoors where completely black and photos taken outside where so over exposed that they were white!  We thought it must have been the film so we took as many photos in as many different settings as we could to end the film and were hoping for a few good photos but no! The second film came out the same. After waisting $20 on film and have zero photos, I returned the camera. I love amazon for their easy exchange process. We are scared to order a new one but my daughter really wants one so we will try one more time!', 'To me it feels that the exposure system was off and because it is automatic, even if you change its setting manually, the auto takes over. It thought it needed less light when it actually needed more and vice versa.', 'I will update this review when I receive the new camera.']
page 144
['my little sister loves getting this camera for Christmas! it works well and the pictures look great!', 'small pictures, but accurate', 'These are awesome! Reminds of when I was a kid.  Anyway easy to use and my 10 year old loves it.', 'Granddaughter loves it.', "I got this camera for my birthday. I've operated Polaroid cameras, SLR film cameras, and DSLRs, so I was excited to get a new type of camera to play around with.  It took me a while to get used to it because it is a low tech camera (sort of like a Polaroid camera which I haven't operated in years) but after I got used to it I got some really beautiful images. There is a ring that lets you adjust the exposure from an inside setting to a bright and sunny setting. There is also a Hi Key setting that amps up the brightness in your photos.  There is a little light indicator that suggests what setting to set the dial to. In my experimentation I have found that the suggestion is usually accurate.  However, I've found that these photos tend to be more on the overexposed side so adjusting the ring to a different setting may be necessary (if you are unfamiliar with f stops, the sunny setting is the highest stop which means it lets in the least amount of light. The house icon would let in the most light).  Anyway, I would suggest sticking with what setting the camera suggests.  Also, it's worth noting that the flash always fires.  Some people have put electrical tape over the flash to soften their images but I haven't experimented with it yet.  I suggest reading up on this camera before taking photos. There are all sorts of tutorials and tips on the internet that you might find helpful. This is really important because you will run through your film quickly and it's not cheap stuff.  Overall it's a really fun camera to own and it gives you instant gratification. There's nothing quite like having a photo that you can hold in your hand and this camera will provide you with that joy.", "My daughter wanted this so bad for Christmas, so I got it for her. She loves it, but she's also a teenager. This is definitely not caught up to 2016 speed for electronics, but if you don't care about that, it's fun to play with.", 'I am in love with my Polaroid camera! It was really easy to use and the color looks amazing.', "Love this camera! The pictures are small, but they always look great, and it's very easy to use. It's just a standard point-and-shoot camera that anyone can use, and there's a little ring around the lens that you can turn to put it at different lighting settings. The nice thing is that the camera recognizes your surroundings and has a light that tells you which setting is recommended. The pictures print out and develop within a minute, and I know you can buy different types of film with cute borders although I've only used the standard white so far.", 'I have the camera sitting on my shelf when I\'m not using it and it looks really cute, and I taped up some hemp cord and got little clothespins to display my pictures on the wall. Like I said, the pictures always turn out looking great simply because they\'re that "polaroid" style.', 'Flash works unclear. Many photos are spoiled.', 'The receiver of this gift has been using it daily since they got it!']
page 145
[]
page 146
[]
page 147
['Bought as a gift and it was exactly what my daughter wanted.  Make sure to buy a case, lots of film, and a coordinating photo album for the mini8 photos.', "Works great and love it, lots of fun. Was a christmas present. The settings are a bit confusing but just playing around with it is all that's necessary. Awesome!", "Very cute.  Easy to use.  Pictures are not great though.  Obviously, I didn't expect digital quality, but they are all really dark.  Fun for 9 year old daughter, but learned to take pics outside for better quality.  Note that these are not the same size pics as the old polaroid square ones.  These are much smaller.", "I've had my camera for a good 5 months now and it works great. The battery life is great the photos are great everything works fine. Picture quality is cool and vintage but you have to remember if the lighting is too bright or too dark the picture won't come out too great. But you'll figure out what works best through trial and error. I took my camera on a trip to New York with me and it took wonderful pictures of the 911 memorial and new World Trade Center building but didn't take good pictures in the dimly lit museum of natural history. I would buy one again I this one ever broke", 'Such a fantastic product. Easy set up and instructions are simple to set up. Film must be purchased separately. The mini picture quality is excellent! I cannot wait to use my little memory photos for scrapbooking:)', 'Huge hit at the birthday party.  My daughter and her friends had a blast taking photos that "you can like have".  They shot up 2 packs of film the first day.  And now its sat on her shelf for three months.  It takes pretty poor, tiny, photos.', "Arrived quickly and was in perfect condition! I wouldn't have even known it wasn't new aside from the off brand box it arrived in. It was clean and came with a strap and instructions. I brought it on vacation with me and I LOVED it. It was so fun to scrap book while on my trip and everyone else who saw it thought it was the coolest thing. I had random people stopping and asking me about it and one man who worked at the airport in Belize even asked me to take his picture. It was so cool and funny. It was a hit all around and I cannot wait to use it more!", 'My daughter loves this camera. She takes it everywhere and snaps away! Very good quality and the color is so pretty!', u'\xa0Arrived on time and in perfect condition. Thanks!', 'Does it come with a charger']
page 148
[]
page 149
["I love this camera! I ordered at the end of the week and I had it by Sunday evening, which was 4 days earlier than anticipated. The pictures taken are so clear, and the its easy to use with very few buttons to worry about. This camera is MUCH better than the ones I grew up using years ago, and the price difference on the film for them isn't all that different.", "This has quickly become my 14 year old's favorite play thing!  She carries it everywhere and is always taking pictures.  I still cannot believe that we are back to polaroid picture taking, but what a cute way to do it!  I do wish the film wasn't so expensive, but my daughter isn't complaining.", 'My niece uses it all the time! Her favorite Christmas gift.', 'I got it as a present for christmas from my parents. I picked the pink one put myself and they ordered it for me! It came on time and is amazing with pictures!! I love the Polaroid quality in all my pictures!!', "My daughter loves this camera. It's super cute and easy to use.", "Bought this as a present for my wife. she loves this camera. She has already used it on many parties including bachelorette party and for granmother's 80th birthday. She used the pictures for a scrapbook and it is a hit at every event.", "Such an awesome camera! Was on the fence about buying it, so glad I did! It's prefect for vacations! Easy to use and film isn't too terribly expensive.", 'beautiful ..', 'It is a toy, but a lot of fun!', 'My 11 year old daughter got this for Christmas and LOVES it.  Her and her friends think it is simply amazing!']
page 150
["No the best camera ever. It is very light weight and feels fake. It is chunky and the button to take the pictures is in a weird location. The instructions that came with it are not clear on how to adjust for lighting differences. My daughter dropped it one time and the battery casing lid broke off. I wouldn't buy this again for 80.00. Maybe its worth $30 or $40 but $80 is a joke.", 'def sturdy, cute color, but it did not come with the film that it said it does!', 'Fast shipping, great product!', "Love it just didn't come with a strap so that sucks", 'Fellas, get this for your girl. Be ready to smile. She will love it.', 'My daughter has had so much fun with this!  Seems to work well.', 'Purchased this camera for my wife who is a professional dslr photographer. She was super excited about it and still is. It is obviously very different from a dslr and has a learning curve with it, but overall she has enjoyed using it and would recommend it to anyone looking for a little fun with a Polaroid camera.', 'Getting film in and out of this camera is very difficult. Not like the exact camera I bought at Walmart. That was was much easier. I ordered this one because of the pink but wish I had ordered somewhere else :/', u"I bought this in 2013 as a gift to myself and I couldn't be happier with this purchase! The camera is super cute, especially in powder pink. The photos are a bit hit or miss with quality if you don't learn how to use the settings properly. I recommend doing some research on how to take the best photos with this camera so that you don't waste any of the film, which can be pretty pricey. The biggest problem I have with this camera is that whenever I use it, everyone wants their photo taken too (and film isn't cheap!!). Instax cameras are especially fun and useful now, in a time when our lives are saturated with digital images\u2014having a physical photo you can look at in the past to bring back old memories is precious. I keep a few Instax pictures of my boyfriend and me on my bedside table and hang up ones with friends and family on my bedroom wall.", 'exactly what my daughter wanted. Perfect gift for a teen']

