 This camera is wonderful, colors are beautiful. Very easy to use, expensive but worth all the 
 I bought this camera for $ new directly from Lomo before the trend was huge. This must have been around 2003. I CANNOT BELIEVE how much they are charging for this now. Great photos, great camera! 
 Its small! You can control the image, it actually has a glass lens unlike holga's plastic lens. If you hit the focus the images are beautiful. Its simple to use and meters well. 
 The LC-A is an amazing camera, I've been wanting it for ages. Finally, I got it as a gift and have not stop using it since. The colors come out really bright and saturated with any film that you use, with a soft vignette; the infamous lomographic effect. Controls are really simple; since metering and aperture is automatic, all you need to do is set the camera lever on one of four really simple focusing distances. The camera is extremely compact and great for bringing around with friends and for travel; it produces fantastic images on the go. The fast 2.8 aperture ensures great clarity and quality and is a perfect for the camera. All in all, definitely such a good buy!! 
 So, you like shooting film, and the whole lo-fi aesthetic and all that, but you start getting frustrated with all the junky plastic cameras, right? Well, this camera is for you. Here are the two big things about the LC-A+... 1. It has an f2.8 lens: this lets in way more light than the holgas or whatnot. 2. Auto-exposure: stop guessing with the bulb feature when you aren't shooting in sunlight. So stop wasting money on more plastic cameras that you'll get mad at, and save up and get the LC-A+ instead. Fun times await! 
 This is an awesome camera , super fun to use, very good with lo light situations , light , and overall perfect if you are in to film photography without the fuzz. 
 The LC-A+ Compact Automat Camera is a joy to shoot with. Photos produced with this camera have a nice vignette which is not too heavy but just right. The lens is very sharp in the center and the distance lever (0.8m, 1.5m, 3m, & infinity) is accurate. The automatic exposure and aperture done by the camera is good, I have used this camera to shoot during the day and night (long exposures).  I have also used it with a flash unit as well.  The only way to manually override the exposure is to set the ASA setting higher or lower than the film that is loaded into the camera.  I have found that overexposing photos by +1 stop yields excellent results. The multiple exposure capabilities of this camera are wonderful allowing you to shoot several exposures on one frame.
 It's small and I can take it everywhere. I own a dslr that can give me a perfectly clear photo and I have Photoshop to make them creative. With the Lomo I get some amazing photos that are simple and unique. Keep in mind that the film plays a HUGE role in "lomography" like photos.
 This camera is great for abstract photography.I get some really fun photos that people love. It is great for a nich! I use a cannon dsr mk II for professional images. This camera works best with 35mm slide film. If you get the slide film procossed at walgreen/CVS for 5 bucks you will get some real surprises. Some of my favorite photos are from this lil jewel. I take this out to parties or events. I find that I am able to capture good moments because people dont know Im taking thier picture. If you like the lomo style this is the camera to go with. Not to many people use film. In my opinion s high-end DSR camera with light room is the best way to go for professional photography. But, this camera nails down everything you might like about film quality and is it what makes film so fun. That anticipation when you are waiting to see the photos developed never gets old.  CONS:If indoors you might want to get the color flash. Also, slide film can get expensive and the zone focusing takes getting used too. Close ups dont work and make sure the film is feeding right when loading. If you want really enlarge photos expect alot of grain. Also if you are expert in LR or PS you can make your digital photos get the same effect as these photos. 
 I use this product for my traveling and in daily life when I go to party's or visit friends. I was looking for a easy to handle and light 35mm camera to carry with me. Normally I use a Leica M4 to shoot pictures with, and the quality of a leica it isn't but it's a simple an useful camera for daily purpose.
 It's a point a shoot camera with an automatic light meter. In overall view i'm happy with the product. 
 easy to use and takes sharp pictures 
 I am an avid amateur photographer.  Despite owning a DSLR and plenty of accessories, I often feel the need to go out with a camera be unencumbered by it.  I could have bought any one of the myriad of pocket digital cameras on the market but strayed away in an attempt to recapture the playful spontaneity of always having a camera on you.  The LC-A+ fits in my pocket just right.  It prevents me from taking tons of pictures thanks to the limitations of a roll of film.  However, that same limitation forces me to stop and think a little more about every shot, continuously yielding more clever and enjoyable photos.  I love shooting on film, and the LC-A+ allows me to bring that enjoyment with me wherever I go.  Thanks to the camera's wide range of ISO settings, I can use it in varied lighting conditions.  Also, I love that fact that I can plop on a regular flash if the lighting gets really bad.  I often shoot with the intention of cross processing or doing multiple exposures, and thanks to the ability to set the ISO manually, I can account for that in advance.  Given, you do have to remember to set the film speed you are using (I have ruined a few rolls of film doing this), more othen than not it is an easy thing to remember.  The focus is tricky, as there are only 4 settings: 3ft, 5ft, 10ft, and infinity.  This makes quick shooting easy because you can easily memorize the switch positions.  However, if the shot you want falls somewhere between those numbers, you have to get tricky with the space between the switches to get what you want (and this is not fast).  The film loading was tricky at first, but I have since gotten the hang of it and find myself doing it very quickly.  I love the wide 30mm lens, it usually captures just what I want about a scene, full of rich context.  Don't buy this camera if you're looking for a portrait tool, however, as the combination of the wide lens and limited focus means you can't always get as close to your subjects as you might be used to.  Lastly, the camera is incredibly well built.  It feels like a tank in my hands; something I have always appreciated about the cameras of days gone by.  All in all, my LC-A+ is a welcomed replacement to the pocket digital camera. 
 Got into photography a few years ago, tried canon G9, several DSLRs....got into urban candids which got me shooting in B&W, or at least desaturated quite a bit. Eventually I found out about lomography and looked into getting a holga, came across this LOMO camera. I'm not into the whole multiple exposure + weird angle shoot from the hip thing with light streaks at night and all that stuff, but this camera serves as an incredible tool for getting the shot I want when I want it. I really prefer film over digital, as none of my digital shots never got printed. They just sit on my PC...
This camera is incredibly simple but produces results that no other can come close to...It's smaller than I thought it would be (a very good thing). I grabbed a bunch of B&W film and I honestly don't see myself needing another camera for a good long time. It's small, light, discreet, takes magical shots...
For what it is, it's terribly overpriced....but with it's current cult fanbase and demand, people are gradly paying this much for it so I guess I don't have much choice. But the great end result of my shots makes up for the price....easily.
Know what it is you are getting into, a VERY basic film camera here that automatically vignettes 85% of the pics. If you've done your research and know just what this camera is, don't hesitate to pick one up! Comes in a very cool wooden box, and with 2 rolls of film, a nice cable shutter release, nicely written manual, 2 books on "lomography", 3 batteries, wrist strap....very pleased. 
