page 251
['Camera was exactly as described.  Purchased as a gift for my granddaughter and she absolutely loves it.', 'Super excited, it is exactly what I want.', 'Too pricey and pictures too small  :(', "Birthday gift for a 12 year old girl and she was so happy. Suggest buying more than a 5 pack of instant film....you will need it if you're 12.", 'I love!!', u'Prints high-quality, vintage-style pictures in a flash! Way better than the original. I could not be more pleased\u200b with my Instax Mini 8!', 'Amazing little camare i love it for the first  time :)', 'Bought this for my son\'s 3rd birthday party, as part of a photo booth - the kids and adults loved it! Took a bit to get used to how it worked but was fairly easy to figure out. Kids were even using it, and loved that the pictures came out "right away".', 'The white is very modern looking, and the film was easy to figure out and load - overall this was a good purchase, and a fun one too!', "FIRST OF ALL, THIS IS ONE BOMB FREAKIN CAMERA. SO IT ARRIVES IN THE MAIL, MINE CAME A COUPLE DAYS BEFORE IT SHOULDVE IGHT ? I WAS LIKE 'DANG THIS IS SOME FREAKY FAST DELVERY, JIMMY JOHNS SHOULD BE JEALOUS'", 'SO I OPENED THE BOX OK AND IT COMES IN THIS CUTE LIL BOX AND THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE IN JAPANESE, FRENCH, AND SPANISH MAYBE I THINK SO UNLESS YOU BILINGUAL OR SOME S**T I RECOMMEND YOU LOOK UP ONE OF THEM NICE YOUTUBE TUTORIALS OKAY. ITS NOT AN ENGLISH COMPANY SO FREAKIN DEAL WITH IT AND MOVE THE HECK ON', 'HOWEVER MY MAN IT COMES WITH BATTERIES SO U ALL GOOD BUT I DONT KNOW HOW LONG THEY LAST SO GOOD LUCK BRO', "AND BTW, THEY ARE NOT FRICKIN CHICKEN LYING WHEN THEY SAY MINI IGHT SO THE PICTURES (films not included dawg) IS LIKE CREDIT CARD SIZE SO DONT WRITE ONE OF THEM ANGRY REVIEWS LIKE 'WELL THEY ARENT ADEQUATE TO MY NEEDS WHY ARE THEY SO SMALL' WELL HATE TO BREAK IT TO YOU DAWG BUT MAYBE THE WORD MINI ACTUALLY MEANS MINI OK SO STOP YOUR WHINING AND SUCK IT UP", 'THIS CAMERA IS GOOD. BUY IT.', "Normally when one makes a purchase like mine, buying a camera, you would also get at least one film cartridge, right? Well I didn't. There was no mention of not having one sent with the camera. I looked hard and re read the discrimination. So I assumed it came with one. Well it didn't. The camera is a bit pricey. I had to go to the other side of town to find the film. I like the camera, but not what I had to go through to complete it."]
page 252
['This is a very cool color. I love it and it is compact and takes great pictures.', 'Within 2 months it broke, I dont know what happened but the camera stopped producing the pictures.  The film is stuck. Such a bummer.', 'We love this camara. We use it for parties to give photos to friends as they leave. The film is expensive and or hard to find if you forgot to order online. Only one little specialty shop carries the film. So we just stock up.... ;)', 'The product is so cute and everything is perfect as it described. Thank you so much', 'Purchased for our wedding and it was great.', 'Happy with the camera. Takes great little pocket sized Polaroids. Was fun to pass around at a party', 'I love this camera quite low price. Tip. I need to put the setting for the light one setting higher than the real light other wise my pics are over exposed. (example I put on full sun when have slightly overcast)', u'I love it\u2764\ufe0f', 'so fun!', 'Worked great for a wedding. When signed the guest book we took a picture to go with it.']
page 253
[]
page 254
['Awesome little camera! Love it.', 'It takes very nice and good quality pictures, but it sometimes breaks down on me and I end up wasting about 4 films.', "No it does not come with a selfie mirror but its still a really cute unique color!! I haven't seen anyone with the same color and i love it!", 'I am very happy with this camera! The product arrived quickly, in complete packaging including directions in many languages. The included strap is woven yellow fabric. The camera works perfectly, taking small photos with a limited range flash. It is ideal for candid shots of friends at a party, or still life photos. It takes practice to use the flash well, but every photo has charm.', u'i like it\uff01', u'Cute but disappointing.  The size of the pictures in half what the old Polaroid cameras used to produce.  Very small.  Reasonable quality pictures and good light sensor to make setting up for pictures fast and easy.  Just really disappointed in the size.  Expensive film.  More then 50\xa2 a picture.', 'AWESOME', u'I looove it \U0001f497\U0001f44d\U0001f3fb', "My family's over the moon when I purchase this camera ON MY OWN. They didn't know that I have enough gift card to buy it. My family love polaroid, but in Indonesia, this camera cost us arms and legs. We basically couldn't afford it. So yeah, I love it. The camera came out new, no problem at all, as I expected. Work perfectly well and trust me, I will not lie. So yeah, if you're planning to buy this camera, just buy it already. It's worth it.", 'good item']
page 255
['Good!', "My daughter was so excited to receive this and after a few months it no longer works! The settings don't work nor does the flash which makes it completely useless. Should have bought the Polaroid and not this version", "Love it. I bought this to document the planning of my vintage wedding. I can't wait to use with my bridesmaids. Works great so far!", 'Great!  A fun camera with quirky retro pictures.  :-)', 'Thank you', 'This camera was everything my daughter wanted', "It's great!!", u'Waste of money...fuuu\U0001f44e\U0001f3fb\U0001f44e\U0001f3fb\U0001f44e\U0001f3fb', 'DA best', 'I really do love this camera. We used it for our wedding as our guestbook. Worked perfectly! The downside is that if you try to use it in the sun (or on a super sunny day) the pics come out totally white. At least for me they did, even when you cover the flash or adjust the lighting setting. Still a great camera and love using it even now!']
page 256
['I can not say enough how much I love this camera! Obviously be careful with it and it will last. Takes wonderful photos, great for every occasion. My younger sister was so fascinated by the concept she now wants her own.', 'Absolutely perfect!', "Just received this product today and I have to say I am so satisfied with this product. It is so simple to use, just pop in the film (film is not included but batteries are) turn it on, set dial to the lighted setting and snap a photo (flash is always on).  The pictures come out very nice and take about 10 minutes to fully develop. The camera came with a strap (polka dot one which I am not fond of) and directions with pictures only which was a little confusing. Overall it's great and so fun.", 'THANK YOU', 'Really like the camera and how easy it is to use', 'Nice mini pictures.', 'Worked perfectly for our wedding guest book!', "This is the single best investment I've ever made in my life. The camera and film are well worth the money!! I have a cousin who is a professional AP photographer, and he's obsessed with his Fujifilm Instax too.", "I never leave home without it. I take it to bars, baseball games, vacation. Everyone laughs when they first see it, and then will not stop using it; I have to pry it away from people. It's a great conversation piece, and a great way to make friends and meet people, especially if you're an introvert like me. Heads up: Polaroids are also a great way to get free drinks from bartenders!", "Amazon is the cheapest place I've found for anything from Fujifilm. I know this is a bad comparison, but Urban Outfitters is selling this same camera for $100 minus tax and shipping. I didn't even check to see how much they're charging for film.", 'Was very disappointed. The button you use to take a picture broke and for some reason every time you would take a picture, it would come out completely black. I ended up just throwing it away and buying one at Walmart very disappointed waist of money.', "There's a bit of cognitive adjustment for someone used to using a digital camera, but once you get over that, this camera is very easy to use and very fun. Be sure to pay attention to the light dial suggesting which exposure to use-- with the ten sheets film pack, a few mistakes will burn through your whole roll pretty quick, so it's important to use the right exposure."]
page 257
['color is adorbs! works well even after dropping in a low surf at beach!', 'Love! Film is expensive though.', 'My kids absolutely adore these cameras!! The are so easy to use and they take super cute photos. This yellow one has amazing color that does not fade. Love this!', 'My daughter loved it!', 'My bestfriend got one and I wanted one so bad I love it thanks!!!', "White gets a little grimy at time but I've had it for about 10 months and it works wonderfully. Easy to use and carry around!", "Bought this for my daughter. Awesome, fun camera.. is a total hit at get-togethers. She's excited to shoot photos and then give them to her friends right on the spot. Most kids (9-12 year olds) have never even seen a Polaroid-style instant camera before. It's like magic!", 'Drawback - Film packs (10 shots) are like $10 a pack... which is around a dollar a shot.', 'Benefit from the drawback - If you\'re an artist like me, and understand how important it is to frame a shot right, and have your camera settings squared away, this is an incredible tool for budding photographers like my daughter. It forces her to not have the "shoot 100 shots until you get it right" mindset, and helps her develop a style, and proper framing. A great educational tool. At $1 a shot (she pays for film) she works hard to get it just right.', 'Absolutely love mine. The pictures are so fun. My kids have so much fun snaking fun photos with this camera. Really easy to use. Very user friendly', 'This little camera is so much fun and my daughter has absolutely loved using it. It takes decent pictures, is quick, and easy to operate. Lots of fun to have with this!', 'My mom bought this for me for my birthday and I love it! It takes great pictures and it is basically the talk of a party. Film is kind of expensive but it is reasonable. Love it!']
page 258
["I love this camera! For the price, its great! However, if you are looking for a camera with more features, you should probably research the more expensive ones. I like the size and weight of this camera, its substantial while still easy to carry around in your bag without being too heavy or take up too much space. So far Ive only taken two photos with it, and I am still playing around with the different light settings, but I already know i'll be taking this everywhere with me!", "The lighting might be tough to dial in. I've had a few that were too dark and one that was too light, but it's a super fun little camera.", 'Super fun! Take it every where!', 'Cute....no selfie mirror though', 'Excelente!', 'such a great, fun camera.  I love the the pics it produces.  Such a great camera to bring to a party and hand out the pics', 'The color of the camera was a bit darker then the picture but I love it! Still trying to figure out which settings work best in the lighting. Love having pictures instantly!', 'i loved the camera, its great thank you', 'As advertised.  Great camera, arrived on time.', "It's awesome"]
page 259
['Really cute camera.', "I gave this polaroid camera to my girlfriend for our anniversary. Pink's her favorite color so I figured she'll love it. And she did! Now e have tons of photos posted on our bedroom wall.", 'This is the best camera I have ever had. So easy to use, I love the instant pictures. Fun to share with friends. Love it.', 'Nice!!!', 'Love the little pics my daughter takes with this camera.  Great buy!', 'Novelty camera, photos are small and washed out. Don,t waste your money', 'Love the camera! Looks and works great!', 'I\'ll start off by saying I have a big selection of "good" cameras (ranging from mirrorless to DSLRs) but there\'s something neat about an instant film camera. Being able to take pictures and have no clue if they\'ll turn out (and each one costing you money) is a bit scary to jump into, and there will definitely be shots you don\'t like.. but that randomness is one of the more enjoyable parts to it.', 'I originally purchased the Mini 8 camera and the 210 "Wide" camera. I immediately loved the Mini8, but the 210 Wide seemed much less user friendly (huge, lots of settings that aren\'t very clear, different focus distances to set), but I bought it for the "wide" prints (as big as 2 Mini prints).', 'Unfortunately, the 210 Wide camera just gave terrible results. Some parts overexposed, some underexposed, while the same shots with the Mini8 were beautiful. The 210 also required a bit more (twice the batteries, larger film, a "closeup" adapter (that arrived broken). In the end, I sent the 210 back and kept the Mini 8.', 'The Mini 8 is actually a nice size. It\'s a bit bulky, but nothing too bad at all. It\'s very easy to use (open the lens, it will tell you which setting to pick (a LED will light up), select it and press the shutter button. There are "settings" for indoors, outdoors, High-Key, etc..  and with the light up LED it\'s very easy to tell which you need to use.', 'The viewfinder is relatively close to the lens, giving a "pretty accurate" representation of what the shot will look like. The viewfinder on the 210 was a bit too far from the lens and always gave me odd framing.', "The Mini8 uses the Instax Mini prints -- they come in packs of 10 (usually in 2-packs -- 20 shots). The camera will hold 10 at a time, so one thing to keep in mind with the size is that unless you want only 10 shots per outing, you'll need to bring extra packs and that's where the cost (and extra bulk) come from.", "I like the way the prints look. They're definitely a vintage/washed out/overexposed look most of the time, but it's neat to have! I would say it would be fine for kids to use, except they may be a little trigger-happy with the shutter button (and 10 shots = about 10 bucks).", "Overall, I really like it. I wasn't expecting to (I was expecting more from the 210 wide instax to be honest) but it impressed me so much, I ordered 8 extra boxed of film for it.", 'I bought mine from BestBuy when they were on sale. I have always wanted one and finally!', 'It was for my wedding welcome table. I love it and I bring it with me everywhere:) It is really easy to use and the film is easy to install too. You can get different cute design for your film on amazon too.', "I really don't have anything negative to say about this camera, only couple things to keep in mind,", '1. The film is expensive;) I went through 2 pack during a 2 days trip.', "2. I saw a lot of people complain about the quality of their pics.....this is a instant camera, just saying.....Read the user's manual first, there are some good tips there.", "3. Oh and be care not putting your finger in front of the lens, you won't see it through that little whole....but it will be in your pics. (make sense? I am really bad at explaining things...)", 'Other than that, Enjoy it:)', 'This camera right out of the box was amazing! Ease of use gets an A++ and quality as well. The photos come out looking great.', 'As for light control, there\'s a dial on the lens that allows you to adjust the shutter speed to current light, "Indoors, Cloudy, Partly Cloudy, Sunny, Hi Key".', 'Although not your larger, "classic", size photo,  this is quite the camera for capturing memories in a way that doesn\'t just pass you by like our thousands of photos on our phones.. I highly recommend this product to people looking to capture special events. Used it for our first child\'s Baby Shower and everyone was able to take a photo home for the memory. Very nice experience for all!']
page 260
['Love my camera  just what I expected', 'I bought this camera as a birthday gift for my sister. She absolutely loved it! In the digital age where everything is online she was so excited to have instant "old school" pictures.', 'Absolutely LOVE this thing. It\'s so cute and compact and easy to use. I\'ve already gone through most of the film I\'ve bought. I\'m going to use this for a guest book at my wedding, so people can include a picture in there "words of advice".', 'loevende loeven this camera. I love being able to have instant photos just to capture moments in my everyday life. This camera is awesome but the only downside is it does not come with the film and the film can get very expensive. Also be sure to purchase a case for this product it can get scuffed easily.', 'Takes a bit of trial and error adjusting the setting, and maybe a few film sacrifices. Other than that great camera.', 'Gave this camera to my 12 year old granddaughter and she has loved it! Is putting together picture albums and going thru film like crazy. This is what she picked out for her birthday and she has enjoyed it ever since.', 'Great little product here.', 'Wow! I bought this camera for my daughter\'s 11th birthday.  She already has a digital camera, and a phone.  But this "new" technology of instant camera prints blew her mind.  She declared it the most awesome gift she\'s ever received.  I never had a polaroid growing up, and I was thrilled with how easy it is to use, how lightweight and intuitive the camera is, and how cool the photos turn out.  My daughter likes the "retro" look of the prints.  I am very happy with this purchase.', "Gave 4 stars because I think the camera is awesome, but the color is not Raspberry it's more like a dull coral.  My daughter wanted a bright pink color and saw this and was like no I don't want that color.  So just know that the color is not a bright pink before you buy it, the color on the box is Raspberry but the camera is not.  I returned and am going with a different color", 'Bought for 17 year old daughter birthday. She loves it. Picture quality is great.', "Had the camera for exactly 6 months and 5 days. Just went to turn it on and take some pictures and it wont turn on. Replaced batteries and still nothing. I've tried everything and it appears its just defective. Pretty expensive camera for it to completely stop working after 6 months."]
page 261
[]
page 262
['AWESOME CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!! GLAD I PURCHASED IT.  PICTURES ARE GREAT.', "I just got this in the mail. The camera looks nice, and is surprising very light. The set up was very easy and came with picture instructions. It also came with the polka dot wrist strap. I took a few pictures with it and they came out very clear. I will have so much fun with this camera. I'm planning on using it at my wedding instead of renting a photo booth. My only negative with this camera is that the capture button is in an awkward spot on the front of the camera, so I can see how it would be easy to accidentally take pictures. This did not come with film, so I purchased separately. You can buy it in packs of 50 photos for about $37. I still think the film is kind of pricy, but it will be a really cool keepsake for my wedding. The black camera looks very sleek.", 'I was interested in purchasing an instant camera for fun and test my hand with new photography methods. I had planned on purchasing and old Polaroid, but the film for the cameras is around 3$. This Instax film camera came in at a much lower price point than any other camera on the market.', 'Shape:', 'The camera is very oddly shaped. It looks like molten plastic was mashed together, but it handles very well. The grip is easily positioned with a shutter button right where your finger sets. Manipulating the camera the first time is a little awkward and it must be explained to anyone that has not taken a photo with a Mini before. The camera turn on with a push button right next to the lens and also included a wrist strap out of rough lanyard string. Although it looks plastic-y the camera holds up very well in a backpack and can handle its share of bumps. the white does pick up marks.', 'Quality:', 'When a photo comes out well, it looks great. Well, its not a perfect "digital" photo, but has the exact aesthetic that you would expect from this camera. A couple of my photos do come out over exposed and never develop a photo due to letting in too much light. There is a flash for taking photos indoors and this works nicely giving every indoor picture a "fun" look. Tip: the lens spins offering various degrees of exposure. Be sure to set this to where the orange indicator light shows or photos will not be visible.', 'Film:', u'The film for this camera is much cheaper than any Polaroid film, and it comes in around 80 cents per photo\xa0', u"\xa0This price point doesn't make it practical for everyday use, but it is low enough that most people can use it for special occasions (parties, vacations) and not worry about breaking the bank.", 'Other:', u'The photos from this camera are about the size of a credit card and fit great in my wallet. They are however noticeably smaller than those from a Polaroid. Fujifilm makes another camera, the Instax 300\xa0', ', that uses wide film about double the size of the "mini" prints.', 'There are also a variety of film options that have colored or patterned borders. These are usually priced a little higher.', "Fujifilm makes branded accessories for the camera such as lens filters that change the image's hue.", 'so i have this camera and i am totally OBSESSED with it!!', 'there are a few problems that i have encountered but they are mostly my fault so Im just gonna say them to help others out with these problems!', "1. MY POLAROIDS ARE COMING OUT WHITE!! - this is because you took a picture in the sun without changing the setting. unfortunately for me, i didn't realize that the light by the setting DOES NOT mean you're on the setting! it just is a recommended setting. when i was inside, i was fine. but as soon as i went outside, all my pictures were white! it took a few wasted polaroids to figure that one out...", '2. FILM IS SO S O EXPENSIVE!! - this is a incurable dilemma. the film is like $20-30 for a pack of 20 films. my only recommendation is to look on amazon and  buy the film in bulk (60 films for $40) or something along those lines. if you do the math, the price will come out to be cheaper in the long run.', '3. MY INK FROM MY FILM IS LEAKING! - this has never happened to me, but a bunch of people and told me to watch out for this. if you press on the back of the film, in the little ink pocket - the ink will leak!! whether its out of the film entirely, or onto the picture, it can leak!  so beware of that!', 'i forgot my other concerns and questions, so if you have any, feel free to ask!!!', "Awesome camera! Very fun and easy to use. Film is expensive, but what isn't these days?", 'My 15 year old loves this camera. The film is very expensive, but it is a very fun camera she uses with her friends.', 'I am very happy with the product. It serve its purpose quite well: I use it at home for guests, since it is not something very handy to carry around in trips. :-)', 'This is so simple and easy to use', 'Just got this for my birthday and I love it. The instructions are very easy to follow and the pictures come out great. My only advice is to make sure that you take pictures closer than you normally would because the pictures are small. I would recommend buying.', "I'm in love I just got my Insta mini8 in today early then said to be . good thing just in time for camping I tested it out I have to say looks great  I'm amazed reading some reviews had me skeptic but I'm happy with my choice although the film a little pricey it's worth it !"]
page 263
['Very good', "My sister and I used to love having photo shoots as kids with a Polaroid camera. I bought this on a whim after feeling a bit nostalgic for my younger days. I'm very pleased with the camera. It takes really cool photos. I've been having fun snapping pictures of my new baby boy.", ' I highly recommend it.', 'i dont yet have one of these but i am asking for one for my birthday... three of my close friends have them and i love the pictures! They turn out really clear and vintage-like, they are so cool! It is aso really nice to have the pictures print out right away, it usually takes a few minutes to totally show up.  The frames even come in cute colors and patterns, but i prefer white because it gives it a more sophisticated look.  Unless you are a big fan of pink, I wouldnt recommend buying this camera in that color... it looks different than it does online and gets dirty fast.  also be careful not to expose new, unused film to light, because it will ruin the film and when you try to take pictures with it it wont show up.  Overall this product is durable, inexpensive, fun, and definitely worth it!', 'I bought two of these cameras, each for a 13 year old girl. The cameras were shipped quickly and the items were exactly as depicted/described. The girls love them and the merchant was great.', 'Love this camera. The price is really good compared to the same exact model at Best Buy.', 'Works great. Have gone through 4 packs of film and it takes great pictures for the camera.  It\'s not an expensive high tech piece, so I wasn\'t expected masterful pics.  The prints come out looking a little "antiqued", but I like that for this type of film. The camera is plastic and feels fake, but again, it\'s not an expensive high tech piece.  My two year old even took a picture with it "accidentally" and no issues.', 'Great camera. My daughter loves it!', "I really like this. It's very cute and super portable. The camera comes equipped with different shooting modes depending on what the lighting is, and the indicator light will tell you which mode it believes you should be in. This is just a plain point and shoot. There are no fancy settings to let you zoom or anything, you pretty much get what you get with this. It comes with an arm strap which is actually very handy and convenient. However, the film is super pricey. Additionally, I wouldn't change out of the original setting when shooting because everytime I put it on the setting it suggests the picture comes out awful. It's very tricky to figure out how to take a picture only because the circle of focus, isn't what the camera focuses on once you take the picture, so honestly it's a guessing game when taking a picture up close. Pictures taking at a distance are a lot easier to take. Also, if you get too close to a subject, and I mean within like 1.5 feet, the whole picture basically comes out white because the flash is so intense. Also, if you are outside and it is super sunny and you put the mode on the sun, the picture just comes out with a white glow on it, if it is cloudy and the camera suggests you use the cloudy setting, the picture comes out a black hazy blob.", "However, once you work out the kinks and get to know the camera I think it's very neat and I prefer to use it over my 6plus", 'Awesome!!!', 'My grandaughter absolutely loved this camera.  It was a hit with her friends, as well.  The parents & kids at her party asked me where I purchased it. It is so EASY TO USE. Getting instant pictures, is so exciting as it pops out & watch as it develops before your eyes!']
page 264
['I just love the camera the pictures that come are excellent', 'works great', "Great camera just that occasionally my pictures do not fully or don't develop", 'its an awesome camera', 'Picture quality is not great but it keeps my daughter happy.', "Product arrived a day earlier than expected, which was a nice surprise. It was poorly packaged, and I honestly would have expected there would be damage, but luckily there wasn't... The actual camera is pretty awesome and I started using it immediately to check how well it worked. Don't know why people were complaining about the quality of the photos it produces, because mine works great. Obviously it won't be super hi-def quality, but it gives you Polaroid quality that gives it that cool vintage look/feel. I love it! Will be buying lot of film in the near future. :)", 'the package was good it was all amazing', 'Love love love this!!! Nice price, great product, easy to use.', 'Excelent', "Really easy to use, light weight, and it helps you adjust the exposure which is great. Only downside is you use film up quickly so it's a good idea to stock up good thing the film is relatively cheap. Overall happy with my purchase"]
page 265
['I absolutely LOVE this camera and the company shipped extremely fast.', 'It works so well, I love this.', 'Love it so much!', 'Love the color, and this camera is a lot of fun for my friends and me.', 'This was given to my daughter as a Christmas gift and she likes it very much.', 'camera is beautiful BUT one setting (the house one) only draws out plain white pictures so just put it on another setting.', 'Gift, child is happy.', 'It did not come with a selfie camera, so while it still works as an Instax, I give it one star for lying on its description.', 'My granddaughter loves it.', "It's not so great for outdoors :( I hate it."]
page 266
["Best thing I've bought in a while! I love thus camera!", 'Prints pictures very well, but can be hard to manage. Otherwise a very lovely, easy-to-manage camera! Gives off good vintage vibes and instantly gives you a nice bit of pretensious hipster flare.', 'going to use this for a guest book for my grandmothers 90th birthday. got it today and tried it out... took everything for me to not use all the film :)', 'Such an awesome camera love it', 'i love it! perfect size and everything! and the film doesnt cost too much either. i chose the free standard shipping and it took like a week and a few days to come but other than that it is great!', 'Great camera works well', "So cute & fun! We're having a blast capturing memories with this awesome camera!", 'Camera came in excellent condition. I got a film bundle with the camera, and shot pictures fine. Great camera all around for any occasion. The one thing I wish though is there to have a flash button to turn the flash off, but other then that it is awesome!', 'Super cute and easy to carry around everywhere with me!', 'This was one of my best decisions i have ever made. its so cute and the cheepest price on the market. works great and super duper cute! i think everyone should get one. quality is great and a nice fit in the hand. High remarks about this.']
page 267
['Quite easy to use and was a present....', 'It was fun to be able to actually see the photos and pass them around for a laugh or too.  to compare the dress up of the kids immediately was loads of fun.', 'My daughter loves the product. Customer Service and product expectations where met. Love it.', 'Had some glitches with the ejector for the film but it is overall a really good camera for the price.', 'Thanks', 'So great, purchased this for a 10th birthday. It was a huge hit !', 'great product', 'I really liked the camara', "So happy with it. It's perfect", 'It works for what I ordered it for perfectly. I am a real estate investor and I need pictures that I can put on paper with tape and then fax and they are just the right material, not too thick for a fax machine. Not so big they take up too much room. Besides all that it is fun to take pictures and see them instantly. perfect for what I needed.']
page 268
['Awesome!', 'Great camera in good lighting, not so good at night. Over all not bad for the price.', 'Great', "4 stars only because i purchased mine through warehouse deals and did not come with batteries and the string was missing that's suppose to attach to cam. i guess thats expected when getting it cheaper. but other than that it works great and pictures come out vintage and credit card size which makes them adorable:) buy it you wont be dissapointed;)", 'Got this as a present for a friend! She said the pictures may come out dark in too much sunlight', 'I purchased this item for my 13 year old granddaughter.  She likes it, but has not used it enough to offer meaningful feedback.', 'Delivery was prompt.  I was surprised it was delivered on Sunday.', "When u take picture with this camera make sure u have the right setting because if u don't ur photo doesn't develop as good. This camera is a perfect size to bring in trips or when u r hanging out with ur friends! If u purchase this camera u r sooo lucky and the camera is super fun to use!", 'Great fun for my wife', 'Love this camera, makes cute business card size pictures.', 'good']
page 269
[]
page 270
["I was nervous to buy this for my friend for her birthday... but I made the right decision. She loves it. There is just something so rewarding about getting a picture instantly! It's easy to use, detects which setting you should be on automatically, is super light weight, and prints out the cutest business size pictures with great quality. Love it.", "ONE OF THE BEST PURCHASES I'VE MADE YET", 'I love it!! thank you so so much! it works just perfectly', 'i love it', "This camera is an absolute necessity for everyone. This is the third one I've bought! I gift them to people because they are simply a fun and easy way to make and share memories. Pro tip: buy the 6 pack of film because it ends up being the cheapest per box.", "Wonderful camera!  Got it for my 10-year-old daughter for her birthday and it's her favorite gift!  Love it!", 'Awesome', "First of all when I received it, in front of those light keep blinking and its wont let me take pictures.. I wait til tomorrow and try again it's work! Very excited and soon disappointed again! No matter where I adjusted the light level. It's not moving! All the I got either it's really dark or very bright! Waste my 10 mini film !", 'Used this for a wedding guest book alternative and the guests loved it!', 'Loved it!']
page 271
['The camera works wonderful and it was the best deal I found!', 'Love this camera. The instant gratification of your pictures being printed instantly is fantastic', "Doesn't take good pictures when it's sunny outside, kinda a waste of a money in my opinion", 'Camera came/delivered two days after I ordered it (the day between ordering and delivery was a Sunday too!) in great condition. Instructions came in English and several other languages, along with helpful pictures to show how to operate the camera without much reading required.', "I bought this for my 17 year old for her birthday. She loves it! It's retro, but easy to use. The Fugifilm Instax Accessory Bundle Set is a 'Must Have'! It's also easy to get film for.", 'Takes great pics', 'Easy to use, instant gratification and lots of fun for teens who want more than posting pics.', "One star because I bought this camera, it said puchase in 43 minutes and I'll have it the next day, now not only is it 2 days later but I won't be getting the camera until the 19th. I'm disappointed especially these are for wedding photo album now we're all just waiting.", 'absolutely love my Polaroid! easy to use and small enough to carry around! although the Polaroid can easily get scuff marks on. the best way to use the Polaroid is by watching a video on how to use so every picture will come out great!', 'great camera']
page 272
["Love love love! Can't stop taking pictures!!", "After thorough research, I determined Instax was cheaper and just as reliable, if not more, than the new Polaroid instant cameras. Both cameras function similarly and use the same film; yet Instax has better reviews and is cheaper. The 8S has a few extra bells and whistles: a clip-on lens for close-up pictures, light/dark and indoor/outdoor settings, the mirror on the front of the camera, and two shutter buttons for either landscape or portrait photographs. Also, the lithium batteries are not hard to find for sale online; I haven't had to replace ours yet, but we know that availability and price would afford on inconvenience.", 'I have loved it; it was perfect for the party and I still use it frequently.', 'This camera is so fun, cute and reliable. My daughter has made a scrapbook of all her moments in time since she got this camera. She is 13 and loves it.', 'Daughter loves it.', "Gave this a bday gift and daughter loves it. A bit pricey having to constantly purchase film but it's to be expected. Nice shade of blue and works exactly as it should.", "My daughter love it,and I do also we took it to a trip and it's so cool to experience instant pic without been able to edit or repeat it 100 times.LOL", 'Was NOT the color I ordered. I wanted raspberry, received a very dull, red camera instead. Very disappointed', 'This camera is so cute and so good!', 'Granddaughter is thrilled, camera works great!', 'I have not had the time to try all of the capabilities of the Nikon D3200 digital camera, but so far have found it easy to use and adaptable, resulting in excellent pictures.']
page 273
['I like it ,but after the first pic it start to shot black (blank) pics.', "Really Good Camera, Takes a few minutes to understand how to operate it (i didn't look in the manual) but overall its pretty easy and very light.", 'Takes about 5-10 seconds to the image to Appear on film.', 'This was a gift, but my friend seems pretty happy with it.', "Love everything about it except the sun light switch control  didn't last one use. It switches on its own and won't switch when you turn the lense. I wouldn't even care except it actually effects the picture. I'm not sure if this is a common problem or not. So overall I have to give it one star because it didn't last 2 hours. If it worked then it would be five stars.", 'cute!', 'I love it', 'LOVE LOVE LOVE IT... CAME SUPER QUICK.....GREAT QUALITY BEST PRICE', 'Perfect gift, daughter loved it', "cool camera. only thing is doesn't come with film. you have to buy it separately", 'I love bringing this camera when I go to Disney! The pictures come out so good! I recommend taking outdoor shots when the sky is clear for a more "enhanced" shot.']
page 274
['No complaints with the product. FYI - it does not come with a memory card, you have to purchase one separately. I wish I had know ahead of time since this was a gift, and I could have purchased one at the same time of my original order.', "FUJIFILM's best instant camera as of this date.", 'This is absolutely the cutest little camera! It was exactly what I wanted: old school pictures in a modern little package! I absolutely love it! Everyone that has seen me with it wants one too!', 'Its been a week and i feel the camera is Awesome. We used it as novelty item for our party and all our guests loved it..', "Buy one for urself and I'm sure your guests will be impressed..", 'Cute and quaint. A role of film is about 20$.', "I purchased this fujifilm camera for my wedding. I had a seating chart in which you wuold take your name and replace it with a picture of yourself. It was a huge success and a hit! I'm so happy to have the printed pictures of my guests and the memories we made taking them. It worked well:)", 'need to get more. lovely gift.', "thenproduct came in early which was exciting. It's made very well seems durable. But as far as figuring out how it worked I had to look up a video. Mabey I'm not that bright but the dig ram they send. With isn't the easiest to follow but I love the camera the pictures are so cute", 'Oh how it makes me feel young again. The Polaroid, which instantly develops and prints out your photo within 15 minutes. I love using it but why it gotta be so expensive to get the film :(', "Can't mess up with this camera! :)", 'Great quality, LOVE IT!', "I love this, I basically wanna take it everywhere. READ HOW TO ADJUST YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL SETTING BEFORE TAKING YOUR PICTURES. If they come out horrible, it's cause you did it wrong."]
page 275
['My daughter enjoys taking pictures.', 'Came in two days, very great packaging, nice and works well', "Replaced the originally item only to find out the replacement is just as bad. The adjustment dial doesn't not change.", "I normally don't write reviews but I have to say that this camera is awesome!  I took it with me while taking my daughter to practice so I can test it. I had so many  complements about this camera and the image came out clean. One of the Best purchase I've made.", 'My daughter love her camera excellent product very nice pictures', 'Nice instax mini 8 instant film camera! It takes nice pictures instantly!', 'love the camera! comes with batteries!', "I love this camera. It was exactly what I expected it to be but I gave it a 4 because while it was in my bag it must've gotten jostled around enough to mess with the way the lights work. The exposure is fine but the lights indicating what setting is being used doesn't always work. It not like I was being rough with it while it was in my bag either. I would like it to be more durable but I sill love it.", 'Have had for almost a year and still works like a charm, love it!', 'I love the camera, just like how imagine it would be and it came wayyyyyyy fast. Arrived at the same time my case arrived.']
page 276
[]
page 277
['So fun', 'I love it!', 'Love it', 'Great Product!', 'easy to use and takes real good pics. fits nicely in pocket or pouch', 'i love it :3', 'his camera takes great pictures and is easy to operate. So glad that I purchased it before my granddaughter was born.', u"I am in love with this camera, I've taken only 4 Polaroids and I gotta say I'm happy. It's completely worth every penny \u263a\ufe0f I recommend to all those photography lovers!", 'love it so much!', 'great product']
page 278
[]
page 279
[]
page 280
["I was really excited about this camera.  The camera is so cute and I thought it would be fun to take snap shots of my 2 year old son for him to cherish later on. It's small enough goes in your purse perfectly, which was another plus for me.", 'Today is the second day I used this camera. It takes good pictures inside.  The photos do have a vintage look to them which I really like. I went to the beach today.  I was so excited to take snap shots of my son on the beach and was so dissapointed when my photos turned out white.  You can see my son but it seems like the photo has been exposed to light and did not come out properly. I will post a picture. I am hoping I can figure out how to take better pictures outdoors. If anyone has any suggestions - please write about it!', "All in all,  great point and shoot camera.  Not too sure about taking outdoor pictures yet but it's a fun little camera to have around.", 'fun and great memories', 'Neat, compact remake of the original Polaroid camera.', 'This product seems like a knock off.  Most of the pictures come out blank in effect It wastes so much film.', 'great love this camera takes great pictures', 'exactly as described and so much fun!', 'Arrived on time, as described, perfect condition, new with original packaging', 'Cute camera & perfect gift', 'Even with digital cameras its great to see your picture printed instantly.  Great fun, gave the  camera to my granddaughter for her birthday, she loves it !', 'i got one for my birthday and they are so cute and very easy to use. The only thing is before you take a picture make sure the setting is on correctly or the picture will be to dark or bright. I love this instant film camera!!']
page 281
[]
page 282
['bought this for my daughter, she loves it...', 'This is so neat right out of the box me and my daughter started snapping photos! We got a 3 pack of 10 sheets of film in various designs to go with it as well.', "It's easy to use, fun and a great little party favor to pass out to friends. Love this pink soft shell also.", 'Great Camera. Lovely pictures!', "Good and cute'i love it ''", 'Super cute & easy to understand! I would definitely recommend purchasing a case for it! :)', 'Perfect for summer', 'Came quickly, perfect quality. Love it', 'Arrived on time and as purchased, daughter loves it!', 'ok', 'Bought this for my daughter for Christmas!!! Shipped fast and she loved it!!']
page 283
['Used it for a kids birthday party to provide cute pictures as little take home gifts.  All the kids and parents loved tge pictures.  In this day of digital cameras, people are very pleased to actually be able to hold a printed picture bc so few of us make the effort to print our pictures. I loved the quality and the nostalgia. Really pleased with it.', "This camera took me back to my childhood. I love taking poloroid shots, although shortly after buying this, I saw that they released a new version for double exposures. This camera is also a hit with the younger generation that didn't grow up with poloroid cameras. My younger brother loves taking pictures with this. the film is kind of pricey but is worth it", "I have a DSLR, but I wanted to try the Instax cameras out for when I go on vacation to certain locations. I already have the Instax Wide which I adore, but I wanted something smaller that was easier to carry around. While I love how lightweight and small this Instax Mini 8 is, I wish it worked better in direct sunlight. I recently went down the shore and when I tried to use the camera (on the brightest sun setting) to take pictures of the sand dunes, the pictures came out WAY overexposed. It made me waste about 4 films out of 10. The only time it worked was if I was taking a photo of someone DIRECTLY in front of me. I'm hoping it doesn't crap out on me while in Disney next month, or I'll probably have to return it. Would definitely recommend to anyone who likes just taking photos for fun! :)", "It's exactly what I expected. It was in perfect condition and contained a wrist strap which was an unexpected surprise", 'I love it!!', 'Good investment for our DIY photo booth at an outdoor wedding.', 'Exactly what I was looking for, and this is MUCH cheaper than I would have paid at Urban Outfitters or any other store!! The pictures come out great (once you learn how to use the flash, that is) and I love the pale yellow shade. Love it!', 'I love it!', 'Bought this for my sister and she absolutely loves it!', 'awesome camera really really really reccomend it if your into instant photos! shipped in 2 days came really fast & packaged nicely i love this product . 5 stars!!']
page 284
['Got this for my daughter on her birthday and was able to use it with her friends and they all enjoyed it as part of their party favors...', 'THIS CAMERA IS TONS OF FUN!!!! we just recently moved and my daughter has definitely gotten a lot of use out of this camera in our new home and also has been a great talking point for making new friends!! Would definitely reccommend', 'I got the blue one. Very beautiful!', "Doesn't work.", 'Great, fun camera.  Was a gift for my 11 year old and it has gotten tremendous use and rave reviews.  It is fun for adults to fondly recall our own instant film days.  These pictures are pretty small, about 2x3 inches in size.  Somehow, this does not detract from the shot.  The kids really enjoy the instant gratification.  Parents appreciate the vintage look.  Highly recommend.', 'Perfect color & easy to use. Takes great pics!', 'Love this camera!! Just hate how expensive the film is.. Yellow makes me happy :)', "I've been wanting one of these cameras for a long, long time. I've been researching and looking at online videos to find out if it is worth it, and it totally is! I know you may look at the 1 star comments and decide otherwise, but don't do that! It is really fun to use and it is pretty easy to use, I looked up a video on YouTube and learned how to use it and now my pictures come out great! It works perfectly and u should really buy it!", 'the kid love it . originaly packed', 'my daughter loves this camera']
page 285
['I love my Instax Fuijifilm camera! I recently went on a trip to Europe and my poloroid pics make for great memories and was so fun and easy to use. Great for all ages and the picture quality is actually pretty decent if set on the correct settings.', 'Great camera', "It works very well but I put my first pack of film in it and I got 3 pictures out of it and then the rest wouldn't come out so I had to waste almost a completely full pack of film.", "I got this for my mother's birthday and she adores it and never misses an opportunity to take a couple of pictures!", "Works as described, easy to use but was expecting more. Pictures are ok but there are basically no settings to the camera. There's less tech in this than old polaroid cameras from the 80's. Look through the viewfinder and hope for the best! Too bulky to carry around and not that enough film per cartridge means it has a very limited range of use.", "This camera took me back to my childhood.  I love taking poloroid shots, although shortly after buying this, I saw they released a new version that allows for double exposures. This camera is also a hit with the younger generation that didn't grow up with poloroid cameras. My younger cousins love taking pictures with this.  The film is kind of pricey, but affordable on Amazon.", "I bought this camera for my daughter and she's in the Navy now and she loves it tells me Dad its an (Old School camera)", 'So fun!!! Love this adorable camera', 'If you going to buy a mini  8 instant film buy it here !! worth the price and its a really cool camera I take it to most place and every one always wants a mini picture of them self. I hang up all my mini pictures in a wall in my room it looks cute :)', 'Love this camera! Has a very retro feel to it. I wish the pictures printed larger but they are great to put in wallets.']
page 286
[]
page 287
["This camera is fantastic. Great picture quality, cute color, good texture, comfortable to hold, and it has different settings for different lighting (of which it suggests automatically). It's easy to operate, fun to mess around with, and the pictures make a great addition to the scrapbook I'm working on.", 'The color is not really raspberry.  I returned it and got a different color', 'Grandaughter loves this camera', 'Great gift', "I'm", 'I love with my fujifilm instax', 'my daughter got this for christmas and its a big hit at my house ...everyone loves it ... totally worth the money ... the film is crazy expensive for it but just buy the bundle packs and they make up for it ... great gift idea', 'Broght this for my daugther. She love it', "Great little camera. Functions exactly as advertised. It has an automatic focus. You can change it, but picture does not turn out as well if you don't. (Indoor, outdoor, the lighting, etc). My daughter and her friends love using their polarid.", 'Good product', 'love it']
page 288
['This camera is compact and sturdy. It is really easy to use and I absolutely love it.', 'Cute camera and very fun!', "This camera is a lot of fun. I'm not good about getting pictures printed so this is an easy convenient way to do it. Loading film is easy. The camera is easy to use for even the most gadget-friendly person.", 'Also, the camera itself has gotten me a lot of compliments. People ask me, "Is that really a Polaroid?"', "Warning: the pictures are small and the pictures don't come out in bright sunlight.", 'Amazing!! so fast and its beautiful!! thank you so much!', 'Purchased this for my daughter, and she loves it! Just be aware of the setting of the camera before you snap the picture.', 'My gf loves it. Brings back memories of the old Polaroid cameras.', "It's a little hard to get the hang of as other reviewers have said you can easily waste a lot of film with the light meter not always being so accurate. Also even if the film roll seems empty try again to make sure you used it all up, lost 2 photos when I prematurely opened it up. pros: cute design, and love having tactile photo result. cons: learning curve is costly", "This works well for my daughter, I'm not highly impressed with the functionality or quality compared to the old Polaroid cameras, but for the money my kid loves it.", 'Came in perfectly, looks amazing and take fantastic pictures. Thanks!', 'my 10 year old loves this gift.  be warned though, the film is expensive']
page 289
['I love it but I wish I had ordered a camera case at the same time because the white scratches very easily.', "I love it but I'm confused mine didn't come with a strap", 'I bought this as a graduation gift and my friend loves it. It works absolutely perfectly and arrived on time. We have little credit card sized pictures everywhere now!', 'Thank you so much im extremely satisfied .', u'This thing is like a merical worker.\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f49c\U0001f48b\U0001f48b\U0001f48b', u"Gotta love this camera, it came all in one piece and I'm happy with it \U0001f60a", 'This instax eats a lot of film because it is just so fun to use!', 'Great camera works perfect', 'Picture quality is not what I expected.', "It's fun to have a Polaroid type of camera, however, I found the room needs to be quite well-lit. The pictures print out the size of a credit card which is cute but at the same time is kind of too small. Perhaps I'm just used to the camera size my dad had when I was a kid."]
page 290
['My girlfriend loves it. Perfect gift for your lady.', 'This camera is a whole lot of fun! I bought this because I wanted to have some actual, physical pictures since lately almost everything is digital.  I also liked the old, Polaroid-like quality that this camera produces, and it really does not disappoint! There are many different settings on the camera so that you can get the perfect picture regardless of the setting.  There really is something fun about getting an instant picture in your hand a few minutes after taking it.', 'I am certainly not a professional photographer, but this camera proved to be a great purchase and I have had a lot of fun with it!', "This is really cute and fun to just play with.  I haven't used it all day or at a party yet so I have no idea on the battery life.  They refills of film are kind of pricey but this would make a cute gift for a graduate or newly married couple and if your okay with spending 100 bucks on film, fun for a party. The pictures come out just like polaroid's do, so I'm not sure they've improved on color quality.  Picture quality as far as sharpness does look better than some polaroid's I've seen. I'm going to say I like it with four stars instead of loving it just because of the price point on film and the lack of improvement on color.  My first time using it was a little clunky, but I'm someone who like to dive in and see if I can figure out a product before I read the directions. Loading the film was a no brainer but if you aren't tech or camera savvy, take a moment to read the directions before using.", 'Really really ausem', "Absolutely love this camera! Pictures aren't great quality, but are so fun to have!", 'Bought this for my girlfriend everything is great! Only thing please be aware the films are expensive!', 'Awesome camera. Easy to use -- especially after reading the manual (or at least the part about the lighting). Pictures are about credit-card size.', 'I like it  takes awesome pictures', 'its ok if you are not into quality', "So i got this for my sister for her birthday, and i finally got to see her and asked her if she liked it. She showed me the photos, THEY ALL TURNED OUT PITCH BLACK. Apparently the FLASH NEVER WORKED. So disappointed. I was going to get one for myself but she wasted a whole role of film on just black images. There were new batteries and everything. Don't know why the flash wouldn't be working, didn't work in any type of lighting. So upset. Ugh!!!!"]
page 291
[]
page 292
[]
page 293
[]
page 294
['Love this camera this was for my granddaughter she asked for it specifically She loved it I made her take the first pic of me and her little sister so she will always remember who she received it from grandma It worked great', 'I love my camrea so much!!  Very nice', 'Works very well!! I love it and use it when I go on trips or hang out with friends', 'I love this little camera! It shipped on time and was packaged very carefully.', 'First impression: very classy and cute. Almost looks like a toy.', "Granted the instructions were in Japanese or Chinese (not sure which one), the pictures really helped me figure out what to do. It's all very easy to set up and works flawlessly. However I should warn you that the pics are smaller than expected and in bright daylight the picture doesn't develop as well but other than that, it's pretty neat. I would recommend buying this if you're like going travelling and wanna take some pocket-sized photos.", "NB: It's continued to work after 3 pictures (I mention this because some reviews mention how after 3 pics the camera just stops)", 'broke 2nd week I got it', 'Great!!!', 'Great little camera, easy for kids to use, and fun', 'Great!', 'My daughter loves her new camera and she has PLENTY of film (I bought her 160 pictures for her 16th birthday). She loves to have that instant picture as opposed to the pictures on her phone.', 'Enjoying this camera.... Super cute small, tiny pics!!']
page 295
["that's sooooo good!", "I'm upset because it dident come with film, so ended up spending another 15$, which I could have just bought a Polaroid on here for $80 with the film and Polaroid that way I wouldn't have to wait another week for my film to come. But other then that, it works great and fast shipping! Came in 3 days!", 'Great stuff', "Doesn't work 100% :@", 'Good', "Great camera except film's expensive", u'C\xe2mera is awesome.', 'Haters gonna hate!', "Love it! I'm so excited to use this for my DIY photo-booth for my wedding in September 2015! Great price! looks just like th picture. Love the sassy raspberry color!", 'Works GREAT! Pictures are surprisingly clear and a perfect size for selfies! The film is expensive (about $1.07) per picture, but the camera is excellent for kids because it is fairly durable (so far) and very easy to use.', 'Super cute and I always get question on what kind of camera it is']
page 296
['Great!', 'LOVE', 'I really like the camara but I think it should come with film.', 'Love it!', 'My daugthers love her new camera. No issues and quick delivery.', "I love the camera it's everything I wanted & it came at a reasonable time!", 'Fastest shipping ever! So Happy with this camera..the color is the prettiest light pink..perfect for my daughter!', 'I love this fun little camera!!', 'Great product. Simple and easy to use', 'A little big, be sure to buy Pink for a Girl! But very much loved by my Grand-daughter.']
page 297
['I love love love it!!', "My sister loves it just wish that it could hold more shots, but other than that it's great and super sturdy for her accidental drops and bumps.", 'Ordered the film and camera for my wedding, product arrived on time and was exactly what I wanted.', 'great product..daughter loves it', 'I was sent the order twice and the selfie mirror was not included both times. Slightly disappointing but wonderful working camera.', 'I LOVE this camera!  So much fun!', 'Great camera, i bought it for my sister and she loved it', 'loved it :)! the pictures are way cool', 'Just like I imagined it. Love it!', 'Cute cool fun camera']
page 253
["The photos don't come out as clear as you would expect.  Older poloroids had better quality.  I expected better for the price!", "As soon as I received the camera I opened it right away and noticed a scratch on the inside of the lens. The pictures still come out good but it bugs me knowing it's there.", 'Good', 'Everything was perfect!', 'Super neat!', 'Very good', 'My new husband was very impressed with this camera. We purchased it for out guest to take pictures. It was a big success.', 'The flash did not work. We ruined part of a package of pricy film trying.', "It looks great! Brand new, photos look amazing, they develop within seconds of taking the picture! I can't wait to use it more :)", "It's so cute, and I love that it doesn't have to be charged or anything like that... all it needs is film. I got this adorable camera and decorative camera sticker to go on it, and I'm always taking pictures with it. I'm super happy with this purchase."]
page 261
['I absolutely love this camera! The reason why I gave it four stars is because it broke a month after I purchased it. I would have to take a picture several times for the camera to actually push the film out. Amazon sent me a new camera, but I wasted so much film due to this.', 'great camera, makes a great gift.', 'My daughter loves it!!!', 'Great camera!', 'Fun, small camera and takes good pictures.', 'Amazing camera! Super easy to use love it:) came in great condition', "Super cute and fits in regular sized bags which is convienet. Buy extra film cause you're going to want to use this everywhere.", 'Love this lightweight instant camera. The photos of the camera make the prints seem a little small but they are really the perfect size and the camera is incredibly easy to use. It is turned on by pressing a button near the lens and turned off by pushing the lens itself inward. I will admit that this made me a little wary at first because it makes it seem cheap but I have had no problems with it and have gotten great photos with each shot!', 'tHE CAMERA LOOKS GREAT BUT MY GRANDAUGHTER HAS NOT USED IT YET.  I THOUGHT FILM FOR THE CAMERA WAS IN THE "BUNDLE" & SHE NEVER SAW IT.  AM I MISTAKEN/?', 'BARBARA K MC CORMICK', 'Took a minute to get used to......love the old school!']
page 269
['Perfect', 'BESTTTTTT Love it!!!', 'My daughter was happy.', 'It came on time & my daughter loves it :)', 'dank', 'price is very competitive', "Really like this camera. I'm not big into taking pictures (with a real camera or with a phone) but I like the novelty of the tiny pictures this prints out. I took it on a recent trip and loved the moments I was able to capture.  I'm giving it 4 stars because the film cartridges are pricey!", 'We setup a photo "booth" at the company picnic and took instant photos to give the guests. It was a huge success!  The light meter helped determine the best setting for a well-lit outdoor photo. Guests enjoyed watching their photo develop too!  We took over 60 photos in a matter of hours and everyone was delighted with the results. Using the Instax Mini 8 camera instead of a digital camera ended up being a fantastic idea.', 'The flash is bright. Really bright!  To help diffuse the flash I covered it with a piece of clear contact paper.  It helps when taking close-up portraits. I also dialed down the aperture setting when the subjects wore white and light colors to keep them from being overexposed.  The photo booth portraits came out great!', "The camera works great.  Film packs are easy to load and the picture counter is large and easy to read.  The lens takes a wider angle picture than you see through the view finder, so take that into consideration when you're framing your subjects.  I wear eyeglasses and found the viewfinder to be a bit small.  A larger viewfinder would improve the photographer's experience.", 'my granddaughter (13) loves it', 'My daughter loves it. She can share her pictures instantly with her friends.']
page 276
[u'Omg thank you it works perfectly it bigger than I thought it would be I love it \U0001f496', "It's great ! I love it . Only wishing the flim were cheaper .", 'Good', 'Love it!', 'Absolutely love this camera. Works perfectly. Great pictures, easy to use, and amazing price.', 'works great, but the description of the condition was not very accurate. there is a black speck- a scratch possibly- on the viewfinder and it is incredibly annoying to have to see everytime you want to take a picture. i can deal with the scratches on the outside because theyre superficial, but something that interferes with the actual pictute taking process is highly irritating.', 'I just absolutely love it omwh', 'I love my camera. Nothing beats the fun of instant pictures.', 'Takes cute little pictures! I am using it for our guestbook at our wedding. Make sure you know that it only prints CREDIT CARD sized photos.', 'Cute, classy, fairly compact. Love it! Just be careful inserting film']
page 278
["In love with this camera! So glad that I bought it. If you are debating on if you should buy it or not, I'd say to go ahead and do it! I couldn't be any happier with this purchase. It's cute, takes great pictures, and is the perfect size for on the go. Also, it conveniently comes with the batteries it needs so you don't need to worry about buying some before it arrives. I would recommend this product to anyone!!", 'Nice camera! Bough it for my daugther she loves it!', 'My daughter loves this camera and it takes the cutest pictures. Cute, fun, and at a good price on Amazon!', 'Such a cute little camera! Easy to use and great quality pictures! I only wish they were a little bigger.', 'Fast Shipping, Everything I thought it would be, Love It.', 'Love it!!!!', "My girlfriend went crazy after I bought her this gift ! She loved it. She always wanted one as a child so I made her dream come true. It's a really neat.", 'Love it!', "Definitely the best thing I've bought in awhile. This camera is not only super easy to use, but the greatest thing to take along when you go on vacations or are just hanging out with friends! Everyone is always so fascinated by it and its great to capture fun memories with. It came just as pictured, and with all the instructions you need. I'd recommend checking out some Youtube tutorials on how to use the camera just in case! But it's super simple to use and to put film in.", "The camera even turns off if you aren't using it after 5 min. It does come with batteries, which is nice, and they last awhile! <3 It shipped very quickly and arrived in great condition. I'd recommend this product to anyone!", 'Works great, awesome condition.', 'Take it anywhere you would like.', "Sucks to always need to buy films, but that's cool.", "It's still awesome!"]
page 279
['One of the best cameras I have. Takes great photos and brings the 70s back!', "This little camera was a gift for my birthday. Once you get the hang of it, it's such a fun party cam! I only use it on special occasions: weddings, parties, travel, things like that. My friends love the pictures - I wish it would print two at a time, since I'm always giving them away :)", 'Came quickly, works great as promised.', 'I love mine, thank you', 'will be fun to use it...', 'This camera is perfect for my needs. I tend to do alot of research before I purchase anything and have owned this before', 'It is an amazing camera the color is actually what it is in the picture. I should also say that if you like taking pictures then this is the camera for you!', 'Love this camera!', "OMG this camera is awesome. Totally recommend it for any one who loves photography. It's easy to use and its setup instructions are also simple.", "Completely in love with it. Can't  stop using it."]
page 281
['Sorry, this product is cheaply made and mine never worked right out of the package.', 'The camera is bulky, but great for kids! I bought this for my 6 year old daughter and she absolutely LOVES it! The picture quality if surprisingly clear and very easy to use. Highly recommended for any age!', 'It was in great shape and my girlfriend loved it when she unwrapped it on her bday! Thank you!', 'Cute camera, brings back the memories of my old Polaroid camera. Pictures are quite small but great for decoration.', 'awesome', 'I purchased this for my wedding shower. HUGE hit! Great price and I LOVE it! :)', 'Great camera! I know this is just a fad, but it has been fun taking polaroid type pictures again and this camera does a good job at it. Definitely recommend it.', "this camera never worked. I got this for my daughter's birthday. It never worked but she tried to work this out so it took a while for her to let me know that this wasn't working. maybe we got defected item but too late to return now. it was total waste of money.", "A play-toy; and not even a good play-toy.  I have owned marginally useful instant cameras previously.  I must have been out of my mind to have bought this one.  The slightest movement when snapping the shutter produces a hazy photo, which would be hard to see due to its small size even if it were clear.  I should have sent this back to the seller but didn't.", "Previously had it and burned through quite a few rolls of film over the years but it took great pictures on vacation and of family events. WOW ... this is fantastic. Really great pictures and ease of use. I'm not a professional photog by any means but with this camera you can with a little imagination take some really good shots. I would recommend this camera especially for someone who is use to point and shoot cameras and wants to step up to a real camera."]
page 286
['Very cool', 'I love it... Great price too', 'It was fast and quick delivery. My daughter loves the camera', "It's exactly what I expected. It was in perfect condition and contained a wrist strap, which was an unexpected surprise.", 'I received the product in a satisfactory manner and before the scheduled time', 'amazing have used it soon much OBSESSED. so glad I bought it here instead of other places that sell it for $100.', 'Very good camera. Does everything the advertising says. My daughter loves!', 'A present for my daughters 11th Bday.  She LOVES it!!!', u'Love love \u2764\ufe0f', "It came two days earlier but... I opened the box and found a black camera. When I ordered a white camera. It worked fine but seriously? I'm fine with black but it could've been a color I hate like yellow or something"]
page 291
["Excellent! It arrived earlier then expected and everyone loves my new camera.  Very pretty color and don't expect the selfie mirror, if you read the description it doesn't state selfie mirror so I knew what I will except when arrived.  The picture isn't the same camera I received but read description before purchase. You won't be disappointed, I love it!", 'I love this camera so much! Such a great purchase!', 'I LOVE this camera its sooo gorgeous and fun watching the photos develope. The film will be alittle expensive 2 keep up with but its completely worthhhh it if your lookn to have something to capture memories u can hold ! .', "Love my camera! The pictures are great and it's a great value. If you want pictures larger than these--buy the bigger, uglier Fujifilm instant camera. I really prefer this smaller, cuter version though!!", 'Love my polotid however it arrived after the GAURANTED  delivery date overall I like the product', 'Nice camera great pics..light weight.', 'I ordered it for my daughter for her birthday, I asked for it to be gift wrapped and wrote a note to be posted on the gift. It was not gift-wrapped.  Did not like that!', 'Pictures for the product are misleading. The camera DOES NOT come with the selfie mirror, which was the main reason I ordered red color in this. My gf was really disappointed and we found out that most of the people did not get the selfie mirror. This listing should be changed, I feel cheated.', 'I got this Fuji mini 8 camera as a gift but the problem is that i did not get any accessories for it,so i went on Amazon to search for essential accessories i needed. I am so happy that i found o Amazon an amazing Bundle that comes with the perfect components!', ' I love the fact that the bundle comes with extremely fine quality attractive case manufactured by Fujifilm ,so i am confident that it fits right!In additiion to the stunning case it comes with a 20 pack of film and High qualit rechargeable batteries with a charger!', 'Please take my good advice and search the following numbers in the Amazon search box that will lead you to the bundle i was lucky to find!', 'BLACK B000YCZMEM6.', 'PINK B00YD0S65O', 'YELLOW B00YD1J65W', 'WHITE B00YD0BY6C', 'BLUE B00YD170UA', 'I would recommend everybody should buy this this bundle,So you can get started and have fun as soon as you open the box!!', 'I bought this or my daughter she absolutely loves it!', ':-)']
page 292
['Good quality pictures on an easy to use camera. Would purchase again.', 'Love it! I love the matte black color and the curves kind of remind me of Toothless from how to train your dragon lol Camera came on time, no scratch no imperfections and good packaging! I got my films at Michaels for $15 per 20 films with 40% coupons.', 'Just like the old Polaroid just better', 'bought this for my sister and she loves it. just the film is expensive', 'Great product!', "Didn't come with batteries, so we couldn't use it at the party I bought it for.  I should have checked earlier, but batteries would be a good thing to ship with it.", 'Fun camera for my 13 year old daughter. She loves being able to take pics with friends and pin them onto her corkboard frames in her room.', 'Cant stop taking pictures!!', 'We have been testing this camera - using up expensive film - and have not been able to achieve a clear photo in any condition. With good lighting we have tried still life and on body shots and every photo continues to be fuzzy.  Really disappointing.', u"Best thing I've bought on here. I'm very happy with this camera, it is definitely worth it \u2764"]
page 293
["Very good works perfect my girlfriend loved it. You kinda have to  make sure you aim precisely and a good distance because the viewing glass isn't so accurate other then that this camera takes good pictures. Very fun so we can keep good memories. :)!", "I  just received my camera about a day ago and i'm already obsessed with it. I have taken two pictures so far and they both turned out perfect. The camera came very fast and in perfect condition. I am very happy with this purchase, this camera is easy to use and looks very cute. The only complain that I have is that the film is a bit pricey but, it is so worth it.", 'Granddaughter (13) LUVS this camera, along with her Go-Pro camera!!!!', 'Shipped Fast; Exactly as Described; Great Value!', 'everybody loves it!', "I absolutely love it!!!!!!!! It's so cute!", "I love it. It's so compact and easy to carry. I bring it with me everywhere. It takes good photos!", "I've been wanting a Polaroid camera for quite some time now and I recently received the Instax Mini for my birthday. It's user friendly and required little set-up. I'm not a serious photographer, I mostly just take pictures for fun with my friends or family so the camera works perfectly for my needs.  It also came with clear, understandable instructions on how and when to use the different light settings so I got the hang of it in no time. I love it!", 'Great, fun, and easy to use camera! I love it.', 'lo ame!', u'Favorite thing in the world \U0001f49b\U0001f4f7']
page 298
['I loved it !', "I got the package early in the morning 2 days after ordering and everything works great. I was a bit hesitant to try it out because of some of the review about it not working right or the flash not working but there was no problems for me. I've taken almost 10 pictures already and the photos are processing fast and good, sure the picture isn't High Def. but it's an instant camera and the price is quite low for this type of pictures. I like the vintage look when the photos are done processing.", 'Great camera', "I bought this for my sister's wedding and it is a fun camera to use. I don't see us using it all the time, because the film is rather pricey, but for special occasions, it is great.", 'Very cute instant camera! It was smaller than I expected but that made it easier to find a bag for it.', 'This was a great gift but more expensive when compared to ones I saw afterwards in a store.', "Bought this for my niece on her birthday. She thinks it's AWESOME! and takes lots of pics.", u'Best thing ever!!!\U0001f60d\U0001f496', "Almost cancel the order after reading some of the previous reviews.  Glad I didn't...I bought it for my daughter's 10th birthday and she was ecstatic!  Picture quality amazing...", 'my daughter likes pics are not that great but she seems to like it...']
page 299
["Received it pretty fast, its easy to use, and it's everything I expected it to be :)", "I love the color of the camera; it's easy to operate.  I just wish the colors were deeper ~ but it could be my room lighting", "Cool camera, I got a few compliments on it- most people were surprised that it was instant film. It's fun as a scrapbook or travel journal camera and the pictures were pretty clear. Minimal settings so you just point and shoot. One of the bad things is there is no timer and taking 'selifes' or close-ups takes some practice because the viewfinder is off from the actual lens. It's a nice little camera as a collection piece or for people who want something fun and simple. As seen in the picture it is an 'off-white' matte color not pure white like the printer paper.", 'The camera worked really well I wish I had found it earlier.', 'works great as expected.', 'the one I bought was new and in good condition, delivered fast and on time, thank you so much..the camera is amazing, it captures precious moments in one instant shot and film. i really really love it! great product!', 'My daughter is enjoying it', 'Great little camera', "The camera works well. The viewfinder isn't aligned perfectly so resulting pictures are offset. This instant camera's light settings are a little confusing. However, a nice purchase, overall.", 'Its a pretty nice camera for special moment. Its not a professional camera. The only bad thing is that there is no automatic exposure option']
page 300
['It was perfect for my daughter.  She is still learning how to change the light settings but very nice.', 'Very good camera to have it you want your pictures right away.', 'So fun to use! Good photo quality. I love how every one is unique!', 'Love it', 'Fun and good easy to use camera. Huge hit for a baby shower!!!', 'Excellent.', 'Got this for my niece on her 16th bday and she was so happy. Works great and is amazing at catching those special memories you want to cherish forever.', 'Bought this for my daughters 13th birthday.  She absolutely loves this!', 'Exactly as described... Quick delivery', 'Stopped working after two weeks']